 "I remember years ago looking at a CBO report that in 1964 predicted that Medicare would cost $9 billion 10 years later. And I think it was already over $100 billion at that point."
 "Poll Finds 38% of Americans Say They Will Not Drink Corona Beer Because of Virus."
 "We need to also recognize that we just had two of the coldest years, biggest drop in global temperatures that we have had since the 1980s, the biggest in the last 100 years. We don't talk about that."
 Image shows U.S. National Guard Sgt. Leigh Ann Hester.
 Quotes President Donald Trump as saying, "You tell people a lie three times, they will believe anything. You tell people what they want to hear, play to their fantasies, and then you close the deal."
 Says "85 percent (of immigrants) don’t show up for a scheduled court hearing or call to schedule a court hearing."
 Says Hillary Clinton "wants to bring in thousands of refugees to America from all around the world without any kind of security screening."
 Says Sen. Dianne Feinstein said "if she had 51 votes in the Senate for 'Mr. and Ms. America, turn in all of your guns,' they would do it."
 Says Vicks VapoRub caused a child’s death.
 The Republican tax bill "lets every American keep more of what they earned."
 "Five years ago, when I took office, our state was mired in debt - a $2.4 billion debt left over by Republicans."
 "ICE has not deported or detained one white illegal immigrant." 
 "Illegal crossings at our southern border have been cut by over 40 percent."
 "Not one Democrat called for gun control" after a man shot at Republican lawmakers playing softball.
 "Today I opened a major Apple Manufacturing plant in Texas that will bring high paying jobs back to America."
 Quotes Thomas Jefferson as saying that "freedom is lost gradually from uninterested, uninformed and uninvolved people."
 Says a list of prominent Democrats have concealed their "real names" from the public.
 Says a photo of a woman with multiple bruises on her face is Democrat Keith Ellison’s girlfriend and he is responsible for her injuries.
 Says a photo shows Donald Trump holding a sign that says, "No matter who is president, Jesus is still king."
 Says drinking a "6-ounce glass of tonic water each night before bed" will help alleviate restless legs syndrome.
 Says Kobe Bryant and his daughter, Gianna, were both born Aug. 23.
$21T in Pentagon accounting errors. Medicare for All costs ~$32T. That means 66% of Medicare for All could have been funded already by the Pentagon.
(George) Soros Provides Migrants With Prepaid Debit Cards To Fund Illegal Journeys
...the earth moves closer to the sun every year – you know the rotation of the earth. We’re moving closer to the sun.
‘He’s low risk,’ said Obama before freeing ISIS leader al Baghdadi.
‘The largest bust in U.S. history’ 412 Muslims arrested from Michigan!
“(Barack Obama) set up anti-pandemic programs in 47 vulnerable countries as a way to protect against something like the coronavirus, exactly. Do you know that Trump closed 37 of them?”
“‘The Simpsons' predicted Tom Hanks getting coronavirus in 2007.”
“All US citizens are entitled to $700 USD per week to stay at home to avoid the spread of COVID-19 novel coronavirus, starting from March 17.”
“America’s carbon emissions are being reduced at a rate far higher than any country in the world.”
“Asteroid warning: NASA tracks a 4KM killer rock on approach - Could end human civilisation.”
“Bernie Logic: Nobody can live on $7 an hour. We must raise the minimum wage to $15 an hour. Also we must raise the tax rate to 52%. $15 an hour * 52% = $7.80. $15 an hour - $7.80 = $7.20. $7.20 an hour!!!”
“Bernie Sanders voted in favor of every war during his tenure.”
“Bernie Sanders wants free health care for all and was asked how he would pay for it. His answer was raise taxes to 52% on anybody making over $29,000 per year.”
“Breaking: UK Prepares For Full Lockdown After Hundreds Of New Cases — Wuhan Super Virus Updates.”
“China is to blame because the culture where people eat bats and snakes and dogs and things like that, these viruses are transmitted from the animal to the people and that's why China has been the source of a lot of these viruses like SARS, like MERS, the Swine Flu and now the coronavirus.”
“Colorado school forces students to wear hijabs.”
“Coronavirus Hoax: Fake Virus Pandemic Fabricated to Cover-Up Global Outbreak of 5G Syndrome.”
“Democrat Senators high-five after voting in favor of late-term abortion.”
“Donald Trump would receive $17 million for three hotels closed for four days under Republican bill! How in the hell is this right?!”
“Every election year has a disease” ... SARS in 2004; avian flu in 2008; swine flu in 2010; MERS in 2012; Ebola in 2014 and 2018; Zika in 2016 and the coronavirus in 2020.
“Fish tank additive may treat coronavirus.”
“Florida hospital reports a coronavirus ‘infestation’ with multiple confirmed patients.”
“Go to 2020census.gov and fill out this census form so you can get your stimulus check.”
“I pay $165 a month on my student loans for the next 13 years to pay them off. With Bernie Sanders’ plan, my student loans will be forgiven. I’ll only have to pay $450 extra in taxes a month for the next 25 years to make sure I’ll have no more student debt.”
“In ‘Resident Evil’ the Umbrella Corporation releases a virus that infects the people of Raccoon City. A biological research lab with the exact same logo as the Umbrella Corporation can be found in the city where the coronavirus outbreak originated.”
“It’s actually the safest time to fly.”
“Man visited Albany, N.Y. days before dying from coronavirus.”
“MSNBC actually said on air ‘I hope enough people die from coronavirus that it harms Trump’s re-election.’”
“Nancy Pelosi’s Brother’s Company Received $737 Million from Obama’s Energy Dept!”
“NYC man drops dead in middle of street — suspected coronavirus!”
“Obama ordered CIA to train ISIS Jihadists”
“People are going door to door in Colorado Springs stating they are COVID testing so they can rob people!!!!”
“People Of Color May Be Immune To The Coronavirus Because Of Melanin.”
“Pete Buttigieg claims Bible says babies can be aborted ‘up to their first breath.’”
“Putin has stated: Russian citizens (have) 2 options: Stay home for 15 days or in jail for 5 years.”
“Right now we have over 40,000 new jobs in a little over 18 months” in Missouri.
“Shands Hospital of Gainesville Florida has confirmed its first case of coronavirus.”
“So Trump comes to Nashville to oversee damage from the tornado. He flies into the area in a helicopter to get there without further traffic problems in the city. He writes PERSONAL checks to those in need, with his personal accountant in tow.”
“Socialist Workers Party leader Bernie Sanders supported Ayatollah Khomeini against the US, condemned president Carter for imperialism, and accused the hostages of being CIA spies.”
“Starbucks CEO Has Admitted She Doesnt Like White People”
“Sunlight actually can kill the (novel coronavirus.)”
“The CDC can detain anyone with a fever — indefinitely. … Vaccination (is) a way people could get out of detention.”
“The coronavirus has made it to Mississippi and the lady that caught it wasn’t around nobody with it which means it is airborne. That means if the wind blows it your direction you’ll have it also.”
“The coronavirus has officially reached Milwaukee County.”
“The coronavirus is the common cold, folks.”
“The coronavirus was invented and patented in the USA and then planted in China.”
“The KKK officially endorses Trump 2020.”
“The mayor of Livermore California explains Trump’s popularity and success.”
“The Obama administration made a decision on testing that turned out to be very detrimental to what we’re doing” on the coronavirus.
“The Social Security check is now (or soon will be) referred to as a ‘Federal Benefit Payment.’”
“The State of Florida has announced measures that all workplaces with 10 employees or more are to have paid mandatory leave to avoid the spread of COVID-19 coronavirus starting on March 6, 2020. All schools are to close for 2 weeks also from March 6th.”
“U.S. hospitals are preparing for 96 million coronavirus infections and nearly half a million deaths, leaked documents reveal.”
“We have an America where … hard-working families have flat wages.”
“When using a medical mask you’re supposed to use… white side out (this is the filter part) for when you’re not sick.”
”America has been vaccinating cattle for coronavirus for years, yet the news tells you it’s new and gunna kill you all so go buy mask.”
1 out of every 4 car accidents in the U.S. is caused by texting and driving.
10 cents on the dollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes.
14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.
15 homeless people have already been found frozen to death in Chicago.
1928 was last time Republicans had the White House, the House and the Senate.
2,000 illegal aliens were arrested by ICE in 2017 for murders committed here in the United States!
300,000 Floridians have lost their health insurance as a result of Obamacare.
39% of All California Students are illegals.
42 percent of (Walmart’s) associates are black.
449,000 Californians turned down jury duty because they were not citizens… but they were registered voters.
5.7 million -- that’s how many illegal immigrants might have voted in 2008.
58,000 non-citizens voted in Texas, with 95,000 non-citizens registered to vote.
89,000 children were separated from their parents under Obama and "only 1,900 children have been separated under Trump."
90% of rural women and 55% of all women are illiterate in Morocco.
A "catch and release" immigration policy "is a Democrat rule, Sherrod Brown, this is a Democrat rule."
A "horrible law" requires that children be separated from their parents "once they cross the Border into the U.S."
A 97 year-old Holocaust survivor was killed for being Jewish yesterday. In the United States. Let that sink in.  
A bike a boy chained to a tree in Washington state in 1914 is now a fallen soldier memorial.
A case before Washington’s Supreme Court seeks to effectively end public labor unions.
A Chinese proverb says, "Those who say it can not be done, should not interrupt those doing it."
A Colgate toothpaste is subject to "recall."
A Donald Trump supporter held a sign at his rally "mocking a dead migrant child."
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo and nobody can figure out why.
A few weeks ago, (the) education committee in Congress is deciding what’s going to be in your local salad bar.
A Fox News affiliate reported on a shooting before it happened.
A girl’s "life expectancy is seven years after entering into prostitution."
A Homeland Security study "showed 120 murders took place that could have been prevented had communities been working with ICE and Homeland Security."
A law enforcement officer is more likely to commit a crime than a CWP (concealed weapons permit) holder.
A list of 11 names are “Marines that gave their lives this week for everyone in this country. There is no media for them, not even a mention of their names.”
A lot of people are talking about the removal of a "very fair prosecutor" in Ukraine.
A lot of Sen. Sherrod Brown’s policies "reflect that interest in Marxism" and a fondness for communism.
A man arrested by Lubbock, Texas, police for a gun threat said "his accomplices will be going to different Wal-Mart stores and shooting."
A New York law makes it "now perfectly legal to murder" a baby a minute before it would be born.
A photo of "Obama’s White House staff" shows the alleged Ukraine whistleblower.
A photo of a homeless camp on old railroad tracks is present-day Los Angeles.
A photo shows a man grabbing a woman’s rear while watching the Apollo 8 launch in 1968.
A photo shows Air Force One at the 2020 Daytona 500.
A photo shows Joe Namath and Al Woodall kneeling on the sideline of a football field during the national anthem.
A photograph of a black couple pictures the Sundance Kid.
A photograph shows KKK members marching at the 1924 Democratic National Convention.
A political map circulated by Sarah Palin’s PAC incited Rep. Gabby Giffords’ shooting
A post comparing two construction workers — “Joe legal” and “Jose illegal” — says “Jose” pays no taxes yet gets free medical care, food stamps, welfare, and 'head of the class' priority for his children in applying for college.
A provision in the first bill passed by House Democrats would "allow the billions of dollars of aid we send to other countries to be used for abortions."
A retired U.S. Army sergeant faces life in prison for killing two Syrian refugees after discovering they raped his teenage daughter.
A scarecrow discovered on a Texas ranch was actually a human skeleton.
A study by the National Economics Research Association showed that the (Paris climate) deal could cost 2.7 million lost jobs in the U.S. by 2025 should our country adhere to the commitments made by the Obama Administration.
A study of where teachers apply to work found that "less than 5 percent wanted to work in rural Wisconsin."
A three-cents-per-ounce soda tax in Philadelphia "would result in the loss of 2,000 family-sustaining Teamster Union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry."
A Trump administration proposal for the Interior Department "is the largest investment in our public lands infrastructure in our nation's history."
A Trump fan was just charged with trying to murder Maxine Waters on same day Trump threatened her.
A United Airlines passenger forcibly removed from an airplane "was in his seat, he has every right to stay there."
A video shows Joe Biden making a racist comment.
A viral image shows LeBron James wearing a T-shirt that reads, "We march, y’all mad. We sit down, y’all mad. We speak up, y’all mad. We die, y’all silent."
A waiver in the American Health Care Act "doesn’t apply to things like maternity coverage."
A witness will testify against Hillary Clinton.
AARP backed "federal funding for Planned Parenthood."
ABC News recently banned reporters from wearing American flag lapel pins on air.
Abigail Spanberger "wants a tax increase of $32 trillion - that’s with a `T,’ to pay for her socialist health care plan."
Abolishing the Electoral College would make Los Angeles County stronger than 43 states.
About a third of Texas has seen a 20-25% population loss in the last 5 years.
Actor Brad Pitt: ‘Trump is not my president, we have no future with this…’
Adolf Hitler confiscated all the weapons — took all the weapons, had a registry of everybody — and then on the night of June 30, 1934, sent out his secret police and murdered all of his political opponents.
After attacking Emma Gonzalez, U.S. Rep. Steve King is "facing arrest."
After enactment of the Republican tax bill, "school teachers can no longer deduct the cost of their classroom supplies on their taxes."
After how hard you work and how much you pay in taxes, New York City ends up getting the money. I'm Chris Jacobs. I think it's time we have someone in Albany that's making sure our region gets our fair share
After Hurricane Hermine in 2016, Tallahassee "didn’t have power for weeks because (Mayor Andrew Gillum) stood in the way of crews being able to come in and restore power, because they weren’t members of the right union or something."
After pushing through a red flag law in the New Mexico Senate, Gov. Michelle Lujan Grisham “has had the firearms of her guards and household seized.”
Akira’ is a 1988 movie about an apocalyptic event taking place months before Tokyo 2020 Olympics, showing the (World Health Organization) advising Japan to postpone the Olympics because of a pandemic risk
All of Texas is conservative, except a little bit of Austin.
All pipelines that are coming into this country from now on has to be American steel.
All signs seem to point to Hillary (Clinton) laying the groundwork to run for president again.
Almost half of all vehicles stolen in Texas each year had keys left inside.
Amendment 1 protects Florida seniors from scams and rip-offs.
America came along as the first country to end (slavery) within 150 years.
America has more people employed as tax preparers (1.2 million) than as police and firefighters.
Americans don't "care at all" about Donald Trump's tax returns.
Americans received the biggest tax cut in history last year.
Amy, I looked online at your (health care) plan. It’s two paragraphs.
An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
An app called Talking Angela asks children personal questions and takes their photo.
An audio message lists five ways people can prevent the novel coronavirus.
An investigation of a racist photo "confirmed what I said all along, that I’m not in the picture."
An MSNBC reporter was fired for using a racial slur while covering the Kobe Bryant helicopter crash.
An old image shows a drug store with a marijuana leaf sign.
An undocumented immigrant "was arrested on suspicion of arson in (the) Wine Country fires that have killed at least 40 residents."
And the number one killer of teens in the United States is driving while using cell phones.
Antonio Villaraigosa's "recklessness (as mayor of Los Angeles)  ... left no funding to test 7,000 rape kits, putting public safety at risk."
Arnold Schwarzenegger: 'I would be a better president than Trump ...2020 wait for me do you agree??
As a 27 year old staff attorney for the House Judiciary Committee during the Watergate investigation, Hillary Rodham was fired by her supervisor, lifelong Democrat Jerry Zeifman. When asked why Hillary Rodham was fired, Zeifman said in an interview, ‘Because she was a liar. She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer, she conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the Committee, and the rules of confidentiality.’
As governor, Tim Kaine "oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase."
As mayor of Newark, N.J., Cory Booker "stole $600,000 from a city water authority and laundered it through his law firm."
As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education, while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group.
As Tennessee governor, Phil Bredesen "supported higher taxes on us. Higher gas taxes. Higher sales taxes."
As the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the United States, so has the autism rate.
As written, the (Illinois school funding) bill includes a bailout of Chicago’s broken teacher pension system.
Ashley Moody was a lifelong Democrat. ​
At $93 trillion, the Green New Deal would cost more than the entire recorded spending of the U.S. since the Constitution went into effect in 1789.
At a 2015 dedication of an FBI building in Florida, Rep. Frederica Wilson "stood up there ... and talked about how she was instrumental in getting the funding for that building, and how she took care of her constituents because she got the money, and she just called up President Obama, and on that phone call he gave the money -- the $20 million -- to build the building. And she sat down."
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is ‘no reason to be alarmed!’ 
At the PEAK of slavery in 1860, only 1.4% of Americans owned slaves. What your history books (don't) tell you is that 3,000 blacks owned a total of 20,000 slaves the same year.
At the request of Democrats, it will be a steel barrier rather than a concrete wall.
ATM users in distress can enter their PIN backwards to secretly call the police.
Austin was the "site of the first mass shooting in the country."
Barack Obama said, ‘If we don’t do something about this president, I will’ at DNC fundraiser last night.
Barnes &amp; Noble and Target have the book "If You Give a Pig the White House" in their children’s sections.
Barron Trump was born in March 2006 and Melania wasn’t a legal citizen until July 2006. So under this executive order, his own son wouldn’t be an American citizen.
Bay Area liberals have given more to Jon Ossoff's campaign than people in Georgia.
Because of Obamacare, you have so many part-time jobs.
Because the Federal Reserve recently cut interest rates to near 0%, “the Fed will be of little consequence now. They’ve already used what leverage they have.”
Before 1973 it was illegal in the U.S. to profit off of health care.
Being exposed to the sun for two hours kills the 2019 coronavirus.
Bernie (Sanders) is a communist.
Bernie Sanders has “never taken corporate lobbyist money in his *entire political career.*"
Beto O’Rourke wants to confiscate guns because he can’t buy one himself due to his criminal record.
Beyonce and Jay Z, I like them, I like them ... I get bigger crowds than they do. It's true. I get far bigger crowds.
Bill Clinton gave North Korea $5 billion and two nuclear reactors in 1994, essentially giving them nukes.
Bill Clinton passed a law in 1996 that separated children from adults illegally entering America.
Black business ownership jumped 400% in one year.
Black homeownership just hit the highest level it has ever been in the history of our country.
Black men arrested In Philadelphia Starbucks settle for $2 million
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal.
Bob Hall never successfully passed a bill. 
Border agents discover body of 6-year-old girl: 'She was raped By 30 men'.
Breaking! Terrorist attacks Trumps at Mar A Lago.
BREAKING: 60 people just found dead in Ohio
Breaking: Czech Republic arms citizens. You can now shoot terrorists on sight.
Breaking: FBI just raided the White House, 6 people thrown out.
Breaking: federal judge grants permission to subpoena Trump.
BREAKING: Trump Just Ended Welfare For One HUGE Group For 5 Years!
Broward County deputy says civil rights attorneys were handing out absentee ballots to inmates AFTER ELECTION?
Bryan County, Ga., has "corrupted voter rolls."
Burger King admits to using horse meat in burgers, Whoppers.
Burka clad woman runs over baby, gets away with crime for one stunning reason ...
Businesses are leaving Illinois. I think, statistically, that can be proven to be false through the Bureau of Labor Statistics. No net businesses left Illinois. 
BUSTED: NASA Accidentally destroys every climate change advocate by exposing massive truth behind Antarctica.
By law, Democrats gave the superintendent of public instruction, back in 2009, the ability to take over failing schools … The current superintendent has failed to do that.
California to teach kindergarteners there are 15 genders.
California wildfires are being magnified &amp; made so much worse by the bad environmental laws which aren’t allowing massive amount of readily available water to be properly utilized. It is being diverted into the Pacific Ocean.
California will have the "highest gas tax in the nation" once its 12 cent gas tax hike goes into effect.
California’s Capitol building is "second only to Disneyland," among visitor sites in the state.
California’s deadly wildfires "would never happen" with "proper Forest Management."
Californians are overwhelmingly against this concept of the illegal sanctuary state.
Californians pay "the highest electricity bills" in the nation.
California's Attorney General, Xavier Becerra is putting together plans to raise property tax revenue by eliminating the only thing keeping some people's property tax from sky rocketing, Prop 13.
Cancer and matters to do with kidney failure kill more people in Kenya today than malaria, tuberculosis and AIDS combined.
Cancer institute finally admits marijuana kills cancer.
'Caravan' Migrant Army Paint Swastika on American Flag, Burn It in the Street.
Carbon dioxide is not "a primary contributor to the global warming that we see."
Cesar Sayoc is a Democrat posing as a Republican.
Charlotte’s anti-discrimination ordinance would have "opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times" if it hadn’t been overturned.
Cher "is moving to Canada because of President Trump."
Chicago city officials "have adopted an official policy of protecting criminal aliens who prey on their own residents."
Chicago is experiencing right now the highest employment since 1950.
Chicago now has City ID Cards which allow illegal immigrants to vote in local, state &amp; federal elections.
Chicago now has the highest employment in the private sector in the history of the city.
China has "not acted so well with our elections. They’ve tampered with our elections quite a bit."
China produces 90% of the world’s carbon emissions pollution.
China will be allowed to build hundreds of additional coal plants. So we can’t build the plants, but they can, according to this (Paris) agreement.
Civil war erupts in Sweden as irate Swedes burn nine Muslim refugee centers to the ground
Claims to be endorsed by the Democratic Party.
Climate change is nothing but a bunch of computer models that attempt to tell us what's going to happen in 50 years or 30. Notice the predictions are never for next year or the next 10 years. They're always for way, way, way, way out there, when none of us are going to be around or alive to know whether or not they were true.
Clinton campaign official arrested by FBI on child rape/trafficking charges
Clinton Email: We must destroy Syria for Israel
CNN accidentally aired 30 minutes of pornography in Boston on Thanksgiving night.
CNN reports DemDebate had 2.3 million viewers. Trump rally had 6.7 million last night!
CNN to permanently close its doors as ratings plunge 30 percent.
CNN uses the same girl in 3 different Refugee Crisis pictures being saved by 3 different men.
Common Core is "education through Washington D.C."
Congress quietly repealed the McCarran Warner Act of 1952 forbidding Muslims from holding office.
Congress rejects $336 (per) month increase in Social Security and disability benefits "but approves $8,872 (per) month increase for themselves."
Coronavirus patients are being "cremated alive" in China.
Crime in Germany is way up.
D.A.R.E. removed cannabis from its list of gateway drugs.
Dan McCready "did admit he opposes middle class tax cuts."
Data shows that vehicle break-in is the No. 1 crime in the city, but also the No. 1 crime in the South Side Flats, and it’s closely followed by assault.
Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs."
Del. Danica Roem "supported a controversial bill that would have allowed abortion up until the moment of birth.
Del. Debra Rodman "opposes adoption as an alternative to abortion in event of unplanned pregnancies."
Democratic lawmakers who voted in favor of short-term spending bills "just voted to deport Dreamers."
Democrats "want virtual immunity for illegal aliens who have created horrible crimes and murder."
Democrats announce they will abolish ICE if they win 2020 election.
Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA.
Democrats Filing TREASON Charges Against Trump, McConnell, Giuliani, &amp; Comey.
Democrats flip flop on pre-existing conditions.
Democrats go full tyranny: now demand nationwide gun confiscation from law-abiding Americans ... at gunpoint, of course.
Democrats have forced a special election
Democrats oppose any effort to secure our border.
Democrats pledged to "force all North Carolinians into a single-payer health insurance scheme" that would cost $72 billion.
Democrats were at a 9/11 memorial service when NC Republicans held a controversial vote
Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donors
Did you know? Dentists are the only physicians that believe you can get away with leaving dead tissue in the body. One root canal tooth can shut down 63% of your immune system.
Disease-ridden migrants from parts of Africa with Ebola are being "dumped in San Antonio."
Doctors kill about 250,000 people a year in botched surgeries.
Dolphins are rapists. Look it up.
Domino’s Pizza is giving each person who shares a Facebook post "a coupon valid for 2 large pizzas."
Donald Trump has been in public eye for over 30 years and he was never once accused of being racist by anyone until he decided to run against the Democrats.
Donald Trump is “announcing tomorrow that the US is going into quarantine for the next 14 days.”
Donald Trump performed better than any presidential nominee since Gerald Ford.
Donald Trump says "all Mexicans are rapists."
Donald Trump’s been completely consistent about his plan for nonviolent undocumented immigrants.
Drinking “water a lot and gargling with warm water &amp; salt or vinegar eliminates” the coronavirus.
Drug overdoses are now the second-most common cause of death in New Hampshire.
During her tenure as county attorney in Minnesota, "there was a 65 percent decrease in incarceration of African-Americans."
During the Nixon Watergate investigation, "out of courtesy, the FBI started reporting to the Department of Justice. But there was nothing official."
Dwayne 'The Rock' (Johnson) Has Officially Filed For The 2020 Presidential Campaign
Earlier this year, Hurricane Harvey left more than 12 million people in Texas and Louisiana without homes.
Ed Gillespie "would not mention (Donald Trump’s) name unless he was condemning him."
Elected officials draw (legislative redistricting) maps. That’s it.
Elijah Cummings’ house was broken into after Trump publicly attacked him on Twitter.
Emma Gonzalez bullied school shooter, isn’t sorry; then retweets message blaming ‘white boys’ entitlement’ as cause of all school shootings
Even among "second and third generation" Muslims in the United States, "there's no real assimilation."
Even the (Congressional Budget Office) says if you lower Medicare to allow 50 year olds to get into it, you can not only save the government money, but you can lower premiums for all Americans.
Even the CBO numbers show now that the entire $1.5 trillion tax cut is virtually paid for by higher revenues and better nominal GDP.
Every bit of plastic that has ever been created still exists.
Every county in the state of Texas has a veterans court.
Every county, including Chittenden, has fewer people available for work.
Every day on average 500 people die from gun violence.
Every former North Carolina governor opposes "constitutional amendments Raleigh lawmakers put on the ballot this fall."
Every Republican Senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the Senate taking up the Supreme Court vacancy…except for Congressman Heck.
Every single candidate President Obama campaigned for lost in the midterms.
Every single Democrat in the U.S. Senate has signed up for the open borders, and it's a bill, it's called the ‘open borders bill.’
Every state that has put in a graduated income tax, the middle class always pays more.
Everybody acts like President Trump is the one that came up with this idea. ... There are multiple news outlets that have reported former President Barack Obama ordered wiretapping on Trump.
Evidence surfaces of Vatican funding caravans targeting America with cash.
Experts estimate that 40 percent of gun sales occur in no-questions-asked transactions that often take place at gun shows or on the Internet.
ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson "will have to divest his holdings, that’s a requirement" to serve as Secretary of State.
Facebook picks sides in Alabama Senate race ... shuts down Gateway Pundit and Breitbart reports on discredited Allred accuser
Fact: Joe Biden pressured Ukraine to fire its prosecutor .... Fact: the prosecutor said he was forced out for leading a corruption probe into Hunter Biden's company. Fact: Democrats want to impeach President Trump for discussing this investigation with Ukraine's President.
FactCheck.org exposed Snopes.com as an extremely liberal propaganda site with an agenda to discredit anything that appears to be conservative.
Facts have come to light that indicate that a pivotal, close election was likely changed through voter fraud on November 8, 2016: New Hampshire’s U.S. Senate Seat, and perhaps also New Hampshire’s four Electoral College votes in the presidential election.
Fall River, Massachusetts was not 'built by immigrants.' 
Farmer suicide rates are as high as they have been since the Great Depression.
Farmers "are now dumping milk into the ditches" because of a trade dispute with Canada
FBI RAIDS OBAMA – Find Massive Secret That Was Hidden For YEARS.
Fifty percent of our new Texas "teachers don’t have college degrees."
First indictment issued in Russian bribery case tied to Obama-era Uranium One deal.
Florida drivers who have their cell phones "in hand" can be ticketed $250 and sent to "driving school." 
Florida Moves For FULL RECOUNT Of State Over Massive Voter Fraud
Florida school drops Common Core – soars to number one
Florida state senators "are pushing a new government program that allows prescription drugs from China without FDA inspection."
Florida’s "unemployment is at a record low."
Florida’s regulations on the payday lending industry are "stronger than almost any other state."
Food stamps have gone up two-and-a-half times under Barack Obama.
Food waste is the 3rd largest contributor of greenhouse gas emissions.
For the first time in U.S. history, a one-year-old appears in court as a defendant.
For the votes that we got, I think we spent, on average, two bucks a pop. Compared to 42 bucks for incumbent Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele.
Former President Bill Clinton and his Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI) distributed ‘watered-down’ HIV/AIDS drugs to patients in sub-Saharan Africa.
Forty percent of the guns in this country are sold without any background checks.
Fox ‘News’ just announced that they will not air Mueller’s testimony about his report, which they claim ‘exonerates’ Trump.
Fox News accidentally puts up a poll graphic that shows how they are the least trusted network.
Gavin Newsom was "the first to take on the National Rifle Association and win."
GDP was zero essentially for the last two quarters.
George Soros owns the WuXi PHARMA LAB located in Wuhan, China where COVID-19 was developed and conveniently Broke Out.
George Washington, as many don’t know, was not the first President of the United States. The first President of the United States was one John Hanson, and he was a black man.
Germany owes ... vast sums of money to NATO &amp; the United States must be paid more for the powerful, and very expensive, defense it provides to Germany!
Giving a committee chair’s stipend in the New York State Senate to another member of that committee "has been, in fact, a legislative practice for decades."
Go back to 2005 until now, we have quadrupled the number of Border Patrol agents.
Gov. Bruce Rauner has "created no jobs over the past three years."
Gov. Evers asked the director of WEDC to stay on
Gov. Terry McAuliffe "has made several statements that he would love to be in a Cabinet secretary position with the Clinton administration."
Government orders South African firm "to lay off 3,389 white employees."
Hackers are posting sexual videos and pictures on your (Facebook) walls! You don’t see them, but your friends do, then it seems as if you posted it.
Hate speech is not protected by the first amendment.
Health and Human Services admits they have never conducted federally-required monitoring of vaccine safety for over 30 years.
Hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower (tax) rates on their income than do truck drivers and teachers and nurses.
Heitkamp High-Fives Schumer After Voting Against 20-Week Abortion Ban.
Here in Philadelphia murder has been steady — I mean — just terribly increasing.
Here's the fact: The No. 1 source of income into Mexico are Mexicans working here and sending the money back.
Hillary Clinton "has already said she's going to wipe out the Second Amendment. She doesn't believe in the First Amendment. And, she also believes in big government, which flies in the face of the 10th Amendment"
Hillary Clinton "supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth, including partial-birth abortion, with taxpayer funding."
Hillary Clinton and her campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy.
Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS.
Hillary Clinton is for open borders.
Hillary Clinton lied many times to the FBI.
Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms using "radical regulation," by raising business tax "rates as high as nearly 50 percent" and by taxing "family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent."
Hillary in hiding as police discover dead body hidden in Huma Abedin’s dumpster.
Hollywood celebs: We will go on ‘total strike’ if Trump does not resign.
Hospitals are closing in rural America because they don't have access to high-speed internet.
House GOP rules package bars CBO from counting spikes in deficit spending spurred by an ACA repeal.
How many people have with a concealed carry permit have committed a crime in Virginia? ...The answer is zero.
How to Survive The Coming Ice Age was a Time magazine cover story in 1977.
Huge! Results From Breaking Chloroquine Study Show 100% Cure Rate For Patients Infected With The Coronavirus.
Hundreds of illegal immigrants subject to detainers were released in the last week since the new sanctuary policy was adopted by the Travis County Sheriff's Office.
I am roughly being paid $53 a day to educate your child.
I am very proud that I am the only candidate in the Democratic primary to have voted against all of Trump's defense budgets.
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spoke to him for book.
I can tell you that the enhanced interrogation techniques that have since been banned by this administration — specifically waterboarding — work.
I did not support the war in Iraq … The record shows that I’m right.
I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats.
I have always been there with Donald Trump.
I have had to fill out FEC reports for the past six years now, and they’re much more detailed than a tax return...
I have tremendous support from women.
I have watched ICE liberate towns from the grasp of MS-13.
I know that we’ve been blocked. People come up to me and they say, ‘Sir, I can’t get you — I can’t follow you. They make it impossible.’
I never said that Muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies.
I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. … You don't learn much in a tax return.
I released way more (tax) information than Bruce Rauner has.
I think we're actually ahead on legalizing marijuana for recreational use in New York state.
I was always labeled as one of the most liberal members of the United States Congress.
I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started.
I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East.
I was totally against the war in Iraq. 
I would imagine that there's probably a gun in the school (in Wapiti, Wyo.) to protect from potential grizzlies.
I’m the first Democrat to ever lead Scott Walker in an election year.
I’ve always supported protections for our DREAMers.
I’ve been on the Armed Services (Committee) for 10 years. No call or meeting w/ Russian ambassador. Ever.
ICE is required to fill 34,000 beds with detainees every single night and that number has only been increasing since 2009.
ICE just rolled up to the school where the families are reunifying after the El Paso shooting to check citizenship papers.
If Austin voters reject Proposition 1, a "completely new City-run" criminal background check "process will cost millions in processing fees, additional staff, and bureaucracy" with taxpayers getting "the bill."
If Congress fails to act, the Obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the United Nations.
If Donald Trump would stay home from Mar-a-Lago one weekend, it would pay the entire meals on wheels budget for the state of Missouri for almost two years.
If it weren’t for me … (illegal immigration) wouldn’t even be a big subject.
If the coronavirus gets in your mouth, "drinking water or other liquids will WASH them down through your esophagus and into the stomach. Once there in tummy ... your stomach ACID will kill all the virus."
If you are in Las Vegas and you get a knock on your door from NV Power, 2020 Census or CVD-19 testers, do not open your door. They are robbing people at gunpoint.
If you cross the border illegally in the U.S., you get a drivers license, medical insurance, housing, career training, the right to vote.
If you don't pay income taxes ... you'll have more money under the Republican tax plan.
If you give guns to gangs, you can get out of jail free, if (California’s Proposition 57) passes. If you do a drive-by shooting, you can get out of jail free, if Proposition 57 passes. If you discharge guns on a school yard, you can get out of jail free.
If you go to every hospital in this country and you ask them one question, which is, ‘How would it have been for you last year if every one of your bills were paid at the Medicare rate?’ Every single hospital administrator said they would close. 
If you need to call 911 but are scared to because of someone in the room dial and ask for a pepperoni pizza.
If you were a Muslim, you could come in, if you were a Christian, it was impossible.
If you’ve been exposed to the stomach flu, you can avoid getting it if you "drink 3 glasses of 100% grape juice a day for 3 days. It changes the acidity in your stomach. ...This really works!!"
I'm the only candidate on this stage who has actually cut taxes.
Immigrants "can show up at any embassy or consulate abroad" to make their asylum claims.
Immigrants are responsible for 96 percent of our small biz growth since 2000.
In 1789, being a member of Congress in the U.S. was considered a civic duty, and they were only paid 50 cents a day.
In 1921, early suffragettes often donned a bathing suit and ate pizza in large groups to annoy men…it was a custom at the time.
In 20 years "there will be enough Muslim voters in the U.S. to elect the president."
In 2008, "candidate Obama, he's not even president-elect, sends William Miller over to Iran to establish a back channel and let the Iranians know that should he win the election, they will have friendlier terms."
In 2010, Maxine Waters steered $12 million in TARP funds to her husband’s private bank account. She was indicted but served no time.
In 2017, illegal aliens murdered 1,800 Americans.
In 2018, Biden lauded Paul Ryan for proposing cuts to Social Security and Medicare.
In an interview with the Chicago Tribune's Editorial Board, Comptroller Leslie Munger says that in order to balance a budget, the state would have to 'cut social services completely.'
In April, "the vast majority will be (filling out their taxes) on a single postcard."
In Arizona, "there are only one and a half (Border Patrol) agents per every 10 square miles." 
In Bakersfield, where there’s a lot of oil drilling going on, there’s more solar jobs now in Bakersfield and around that area than there are oil jobs.
In Buffalo's SolarCity project, "Andrew Cuomo will create maybe 500 jobs if it ever happens at all, at about $1.5 million per job."
In Congress, Elizabeth Warren introduced 110 bills. 2 passed. Cory Booker introduced 120 bills. 0 passed. Kamala Harris introduced 54 bills. 0 passed. Bernie Sanders never held a job until age 53. He lived off of welfare and four different women.
In her campaign for president, Hillary Clinton has received $100 million in contributions from Wall Street and hedge funds.
In her defeat of Republican Rep. Karen Handel, Democratic challenger Lucy McBath "was outspent 5-1."
In Japan, "they take a bowling ball from 20 feet up in the air and they drop it on the hood of the car. And if the hood dents, then the car doesn't qualify...It's horrible, the way we're treated."
In light of the leak of my financial disclosure info which is a felony I will be contacting @FBI and the @TheJusticeDept
In New York, "it is now perfectly legal to murder" a baby a minute before it would be born.
In November 2019, Speaker Pelosi said it would be ‘dangerous’ to leave it to voters to determine whether President Trump stays in office.
In Ohio, due to Medicaid expansion, "nearly 60,000 disabled citizens are stuck on waiting lists ... leaving them without the care they need for months or even years."
In one year, the United Nations "did 24 resolutions and 20 of them were against Israel."
In our debate, Dan McCready doubled down on his support for Pelosi’s liberal agenda of … impeaching our president.
In public approval, "the press is rated right now below that of Congress, and that is very low; it’s in the single digits."
In seven years that (nuclear) deal will have expired, and Iran is free to go ahead and create nuclear weapons.
In the Georgia House district that hosted a special election on June 20, "Trump won by 20+ points."
In the history of Republican primaries, I’ve gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party.
In the House, Republicans dramatically outperformed historical precedents.
In the last decade, 73% of new jobs (in Wisconsin) have come from Madison.
In the primary election, a "right-wing group spent more than $100,000,000 to support" Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley.
In the United States alone we lose more than 3,000 people a day to cancer.
In Wisconsin, "300,000 voters were turned away by the state’s strict voter ID law" in the 2016 presidential election.
In Wisconsin’s school voucher program, "two-thirds of the money" in the "tax vouchers" went to people "making more than $100,000."
Indiana actually has a higher gas tax than Illinois does even with the increase in (Illinois’) taxes.
Inner-city students "fall back and don’t succeed, whereas if there was a less intensive track, they would."
Instagram users must post a note or "everything you’ve ever posted becomes public from today."
Insurance companies "have made a fortune with Obamacare."
Intensifying Hurricane Willa headed directly toward 10,000 migrant caravan path.
Iran’s regime "every Friday declares war on us."
ISIS is infiltrating America and using Syrians to do it.
ISIS is making millions of dollars a week selling Libyan oil.
It "is estimated that as many as 300,000 auto workers may be out of a job before the end of the year." 
It appears that the (Jacksonville) shooter was part of the Trump 'Resistance'.
It begins: Florida police now confiscating guns from people with no due process.
It costs nearly five times as much in California to build and maintain a mile of road as it does in the rest of the nation.
It is a myth that Florida's education legislation was "negotiated in secret."
It is only under President Trump that we have become the largest producer of oil and gas resources.
It is shocking to me that Police Commissioner Richard Ross and Mayor Jim Kenney allowed this illegal occupation to go on for hours without taking any action to enforce the law…
It is unusual for a White House official like former National Security Adviser Susan Rice to make unmasking requests.
It was (Rob Portman’s) job to stop China’s illegal dumping of steel. He failed, looked the other way, did nothing.
It was allowed, referring to her email practices.
It’s been proven over and over again Medicaid has the worst outcomes in the industrialized world as far as the quality of health care.
It’s clear that Hillary Clinton "violated national security laws."
It's an absolute fact that China and North Korea "have consistently over many, many years" meddled in U.S. elections.
It's been since 1888 that a Senate of a different party than the president in the White House confirmed a Supreme Court nominee.
It's four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed under the Affordable Care Act.
I've gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And I've gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials I've ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary.
James Clapper Flips On Live TV, Admits Obama Behind Entire Russia Witch Hunt! (Video)
Jason Kander supports [Obama’s] plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to U.S. soil.
JFK Jr was declared the frontrunner for the NY Senate seat in 1999. Days later his plane crashed, making Hillary Clinton the newly elected senator.
Joe Biden just confirmed that he is running for president in 2020 and it has America applauding!
John Adcock and Republicans’ plan for health care "would get rid of coverage altogether for thousands of families and raise premiums on the rest of us."
John Kerry is "now working on the behalf of foreign terrorist governments."
Just last year we gave the military a $700 billion budget increase, which they didn’t even ask for.
Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) — her misconduct  is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country.
Just on the issue of immigration alone, it is next to impossible to find a policy difference between (Donald) Trump and Congressman (Joe) Heck.
Justice Kennedy quit because he and his son helped Trump launder illegal Russian money through Deutsche Bank.
Kasich’s budget raised taxes by billions, hitting businesses hard and the middle class even harder.
Kathy Manning got "$30 million of your tax dollars plus $2.3 million a year" to build a luxury hotel and parking lot
Kavanaugh accuser’s husband breaks his silence, exposes ‘sick issue’ his wife has.
Last year was one of the deadliest years ever for law enforcement officers.
Leaving @[4:0] as a Facebook comment can reveal if your account has been hacked.
Lee Zeldin "missed 2/3rds of Veterans Affairs Hearings"
Let me say that I don't think (Bernie Sanders has) had a single negative ad ever run against him. 
Lettuce killed more Americans this year than undocumented immigrants.
Lindsey Graham threatens to convert to Democrat if Republicans don’t Dump Trump.
Longstanding whistleblower rules (were changed) just before submittal of the fake whistleblower report.
Look at what’s happening last night in Sweden. Sweden, who would believe this? Sweden. They took in large numbers. They’re having problems like they never thought possible.
Many firearms experts determined the Las Vegas shooter’s use of a bump stock actually prevented more casualties and (injuries) due to its inconsistency, inaccuracy, and lack of control.
Many just call him 'Lyin' Ted.' ... His TV ad about John Kasich? Lie! Stations had to pull it off the air.
Many of the people in DACA, no longer very young, are far from ‘angels.’ Some are very tough, hardened criminals. 
Many presidents don’t get the chance to put a Supreme Court justice on.
Many countries (in NATO) owe us a tremendous amount of money for many years back, where they’re delinquent, as far as I’m concerned, because the United States has had to pay for them.
Mass voter fraud just discovered, to the amount that could void Hillary’s victory In New Hampshire.
Matt Gaetz has had numerous DUIs and his dad got him off each time. He was part of a company that had to pay 75 million in hospice fraud. They stole from dying people.
Maxine Waters Is Getting Criminally Charged!
Mayor Andrew Gillum says he’s indefinitely suspending his campaign for governor in light of a fatal shooting in Tallahassee at a yoga studio on Friday.
McGinty previously told a local community newspaper in her native Philadelphia that she 'has found an alarming undercurrent of misinformed people in the 'T' part of the state' outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal.
Mexico, they took 30% of our automobile business.
Millionaires working side by side with George Soros are bankrolling (John Kasich’s) super PAC.
Missouri is one of "13 states this year have seen unemployment drop to the lowest levels in the history of their state."
Mitch McConnell was one of the few senators that voted after Tiananmen Square not to have punitive actions against China for human rights violations.
Money raised to help (Beto) O’Rourke get elected is being used to fund migrants. This is clearly breaking campaign finance laws.
More businesses went out of business last year than were started for the first time in our history.
More people, almost twice as many, pay the penalty or take the waiver than signed up for (Obamacare).
More than 66% of ALL births in California are to illegals on Medi-Cal.
Most likely the primary control knob (for the earth’s temperature) is the ocean waters and this environment that we live in.
Most of our taxes are spent on the so-called ‘War on Terror.’
Mr. Trump is self-financing his campaign, so we don’t have any donors.
Municipalities are now required to have two or more polling locations opened 24-hours a day, two weeks before any election.
Muslim immigrants were responsible for 11,000 of 13,000 knife attacks in London in the past 12 months.
My first order as president was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before.
My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagan's numbers were with Jimmy Carter.
Nancy Pelosi, Adam Schiff, and the rest of the corrupt Democrats made a promise to their crazy left-wing base that they would impeach me even BEFORE I took office.
Nancy Pelosi's Son Paul Jr. Was Exec at 'Ukraine-Based Gas Company,' Similar to Hunter Biden
NASA Has Just Confirmed Earth Has A New Moon
NASA will pay you $100,000 to stay in bed for 60 days!
Nate McMurray lobbied to send our jobs to China. (And Korea, too.)
Nationally, they predict prison populations on the basis of third-grade achievement.
NATO is opening up a major terror division. ... I'm sure I'm not going to get credit for it, but that was largely because of what I was saying and my criticism of NATO.
Nearly 200,000 Florida voters may not be citizens.
Nearly every state that has legalized (marijuana) has also legislated that you lose your right to own a gun if you are prescribed, or buy it recreationally.
Neil Armstrong’s space boots don’t match a photo of his footprint on the moon, suggesting the moon landing was a hoax.
Nevada Democratic Party leaders "hijacked the process on the floor" of the state convention "ignoring the regular procedure and ramming through what they wanted to do."
Nevada is "still a state that is 80 percent white voters."
Nevada lawmakers "permanently cut taxes for over 95 percent of Nevada’s businesses."
NEW INFO SAYS KOBE BRYANT AND ALL 4 OF HIS DAUGHTER HAVE DIED FROM HELICOPTER CRASH.
New law (in California) makes it illegal to shower and do laundry on same day
New research says drinking wine is more important than exercise for living past 90.
Newspapers have framed this election as my fight against the Illinois mafia.
NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem is "against the law."
Nicole Kidman ‘blacklisted’ from Hollywood for vowing to support president.
No administration has accomplished more in the first 90 days.
No fracking waste is being dumped in New York State
No private business was conducted on public property. That issue is a contract dispute.
No, we do not have laws in place protecting babies who are born alive as the result of an abortion.
Nobody applies to the United States for refugee status. They apply to the United Nations.
Nobody on Medicaid will have their benefits taken away.
None of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line. None of them. It's always Trump and Clinton and then second question, third question. ... If we were included in the top line, as Johnson/Trump/Clinton, we'd be at 20 percent.
North Carolina has "the strictest anti-gerrymandering standards in the entire country."
North Carolina is home to "two rivers of the top five most polluted rivers" in the U.S.
North Carolina last year was second in the nation in overdose deaths
North Carolina's Democratic primary is open to "all registered voters, regardless of registration."
Not even (House Intelligence Chairman Adam) Schiff’s Republican colleagues were allowed into the SCIF during the House impeachment investigation.
Not one Democrat showed up to listen to border officials about the dangerous situation at our border. Not one!!! NOT ONE!
Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real.
Now there is a new threat that we’re seeing up close: the risk of exposure to powerful drugs that can kill in even tiny amounts.
Now we have ISIS coming over the (U.S.-Mexico) border.
Obama did in fact unconstitutionally spy on Trump throughout the presidential election.
Obama secretly gave citizenship to 2,500 Iranians as part of nuke deal.
Obamacare "is in a death spiral."
Obamacare "is in what the actuaries call a death spiral."
Obamacare raised premiums by 100 percent and after that 91 percent of the people were covered, but we’re all paying 100 percent more.
Official: Rudy Giuliani officially resigns, Trump’s legal team on it's last leg.
Ohio "thought that our (voting) machines were so awful we got rid of them, but South Carolina bought them. This is true. South Carolina bought all the machines we got rid of because they were not effective."
Ohio, Michigan, and Pennsylvania actually in the latest jobs data have lost jobs, not gained them.
Ohio’s credit rating is "as high as you can get, AA+."
Old photograph shows a group of women in KKK attire holding a sign that reads "Women of the Democrat Party."
On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career.
On Foxconn deal, "3,000 jobs cost #WI taxpayers more than $3 billion in tax giveaways. Break it down: more than $1 million in taxpayer dollars per job."
On investigating during the Supreme Court confirmation process, "The FBI doesn’t do that."
On job creation numbers in the latest Start-Up NY report: "This is a significant number of overcounts in the compilation that I’ve looked at."
On Sept. 5, 1993, "Vince Foster went to Fort Marcy Park and shot himself 3 times in the back of the head to avoid testifying against Hillary Clinton."
On the Iraq war, "I said it loud and clear, 'You'll destabilize the Middle East.' "
On Tim Kaine: "In exchange for campaign contributions, he appointed a radical jihadi to the Virginia Immigration Commission."
One out of every five people that the federal government charges with murder is an illegal alien.
Only five Texas counties account for almost 90 percent of the (state’s) cattle industry.
Only fools, or worse, are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon. THEY LOSE A FORTUNE, and this will be changed.
Oprah tells Fox News host ‘all white people have to die.’
Other than University of Virginia’s 2019 basketball team, "We’ve not had a Virginia team even in the Final Four in over a decade. I think George Mason was the last one…"
Our courts find that 80 percent of those who do file for asylum aren’t qualified for it, do not merit that relief.
Our economy is not growing.
Our unemployment rate is 20 percent higher than the national average. 
Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants.
''Over 40 percent of African-American men in (Milwaukee County) have been going to prison for low-level drug offenses, and I think a hundred times that in the city of Madison."
Pelosi sinks to new low, tells Dems: if you have to lie to voters to win, do it.
People are attaching HIV-infected needles to gas station pump handles.
Perpetrators of school shootings "have been drugged in many cases … many of these young boys have been on Ritalin since they were in kindergarten."
Philadelphia Eagles players stayed "in the Locker Room for the playing of our our National Anthem" or were "kneeling."
Photo shows a sea of red-clad education advocates covering most of the Halifax Mall.
Photo shows Bernie Sanders at the 1969 Stonewall riots.
Photos related to gun violence in present-day United States and the Holocaust in Nazi Germany suggest that gun control laws created or exacerbated the genocide of Jews.
Photos show the whistleblower with Nancy Pelosi and Hillary Clinton.
Political activists are "being paid" to protest members of Congress.
President Donald Trump “will evoke (sic) what is called the Stafford act” and “order a two week mandatory quarantine for the nation.”
President Donald Trump signed DEPLOYMENT ORDERS for the 82nd Airborne Division of the United States Army, instructing them to deploy from Ft. Bragg, NC, to the U.S. southern border at Mexico.
President Donald Trump’s budget "threatened to cut $2 trillion from Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid"
President Donald Trump's phone call with the Ukrainian president "sounds exactly like what Joe Biden did."
President Trump didn't say he'd go after a cultural site.
President Trump has signed more bills into law "than any president previously before at this stage in the game."
President Trump in his first year and a half has already tripled what President Obama did (for African-American employment) in eight years.
President Trump signed legislation to clean up millions of tons of trash from our oceans and lakes last week.
President Trump’s wall costs less than the ObamaCare website.
Prior to Obamacare here in Wisconsin, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. After Obamacare, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. It hasn’t had an impact.
Pritzker and Madigan want to change the constitution to allow a permanent jobs tax on middle class families.
Pro-Lifers Declare 'Ejaculation Is Murder: Every Sperm Cell Is A Life.'
Protections on pre-existing conditions have been there since the 1970s.
Public schools, colleges and state-funded day care centers "will be made into sanctuaries by Bruce Rauner signing SB 31."
Public trust in our election system is at an all-time low.
Puerto Rico got 91 Billion Dollars for the hurricane, more money than has ever been gotten for a hurricane before.
Puerto Rico mayor facing fraud charges over $3M in federal disaster relief
Putin Interference Could Give Courts Legal Right to Make Hillary President.
Quotes actor Will Smith as saying: “I’m not afraid to say that Trump and his supporters are ba…”
Quotes Adolf Hitler as saying the best way to control a people is "to take a little of their freedom at a time."
Quotes Andy Borowitz as saying "stopping Hillary is a short-term solution. The long-term solution — and it will be more difficult — is fixing the educational system that has created so many people ignorant enough to vote for Hillary."
Quotes Bernie Sanders as saying, "Christianity is an insult to Muslims."
Quotes Gene Hackman as saying that Trump could "easily turn out to be one of the best presidents that America has ever seen."
Quotes George Washington as saying "it is impossible to rightly govern a nation without God and the Bible."
Quotes Joe Biden as saying "no ordinary American cares about constitutional rights."
Quotes President Jimmy Carter as saying "If you don’t want your tax dollars to help the poor, then stop saying you want a country based on Christian values, because you don’t."
Quotes President John F. Kennedy as saying "If the United States ever experienced [a coup to overthrow the government] it will come from the CIA and not the Pentagon."
Quotes Ronald Reagan as saying, "Under no pretext should arms and ammunition be surrendered; any attempts to disarm the people must be stopped, by force if necessary."
Quotes Thomas Homer-Dixon as saying a windmill will "never generate as much energy as was invested building it."
Quotes Thomas Jefferson as saying "When governments fear the people, there is liberty. When the people fear the government, there is tyranny. The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms is, as a last resort, to protect themselves against tyranny in government."
Quotes Thomas Jefferson as saying that "a government big enough to give you everything you want, is strong enough to take everything you have."
Quotes Winston Churchill as saying "Diplomacy is the art of telling people to go to hell in such a way that they ask for directions."
Rauner made you pay for abortions in all nine months of pregnancy.
Red Bull contains bull sperm.
Red Crescent Says No Evidence of Chemical Attack in Syria’s Douma.
Red Hen owner just issued sick threat to Sarah Sanders
Red trees are significant to the early Christian church. In eastern Europe, the church would dye the trees red to symbolize the blood of Jesus &amp; the resurrection.
Referring to the Iraq War, "immediately, the moment it started, I came out against the war at that moment."
Regarding the surgery that saved Jimmy Kimmel's son, "Medicaid has stopped providing this kind of service."
Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., said “defending Trump is more important than the United States.”
Rep. Pittenger is "constantly rated as one of the most liberal Republicans in Congress."
Rep. Robert Pittenger "stood against funding for the border wall."
Report: 3 million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens.
Republicans in Congress are plotting to take away Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security.
Republicans Looking To Cut Social Security As Much As 50 percent Immediately.
Revealed: UN plan to flood America with 600 million migrants.
Richard Nixon was the last president to be impeached.
Right now we’re the highest taxed country in the world.
Right now, women are able to access an abortion in the later stages of their pregnancy under certain conditions with approval of their medical doctors. I’ve done nothing to change that.
Roy Moore fought for pay increases for politicians while courts had to shut down because of lack of funding.
Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm at a Wisconsin VA facility "and nothing was done."
Russia, Iran, Syria &amp; many others are not happy about U.S. troops leaving Syria.
Said Dianne Feinstein said "there is no collusion" between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Said that man wearing racist shirt was working at a polling station in Mississippi.
Said there is cholera in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria.
San Francisco has spent $72.5 million this fiscal year cleaning up human waste and drug paraphernalia and "there are more drug users on their public needle program than high school graduates."
Sanders’ “Medicare for All” plan "would cost more than the entire federal budget that we spend now."
Sanitizer will do nothing for the coronavirus.
Satanists have teamed up with the ACLU and Planned Parenthood in Missouri to roll back the rights of the unborn.
Say a boy was 'caged' in a wire enclosure.
Say Bernie Sanders "won Nevada after all."
Say Bernie Sanders said, “Italians are gangsters and Irish are drunk and Jews are greedy and black people smell.”
Say Gov. Tony Evers ‘canceled’ the sales tax holiday this year
Say Nancy Pelosi’s net worth is $196,299,990.
Say "71 percent of doctors say Hillary's health concerns are 'serious' and 'could be disqualifying.' "
Say Socialist candidate Norman Thomas said in 1944 that the Democratic Party had adopted the Socialist platform.
Says "109 people out of hundreds of thousands of travelers" were affected by the immigration executive order.
Says "13,506 Marines have applied for White House duty" since Trump’s inauguration. When Obama was president, "no Marines volunteered" but had to be "assigned."
Says "2 moms, 5 kids killed in car crash" in a nearby county.
Says "22 to 24 people" came into the United States due to family connection with suspect in the October 2017 New York City terror attack.
Says "96 percent of (Google News) results on ‘Trump News’ are from National Left-Wing Media."
Says "Barack Obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come" to the United States.
Says "billionaire George Soros bankrolls" Minnesota Democrat Dan Feehan, who is "employed by a Soros-funded liberal outfit in D.C." and his campaign is "propped up by out of state super PACs backed by Soros' millions."
Says "Bob Casey voted in favor of deadly sanctuary cities that released thousands upon thousands of illegal alien criminals and vicious gang members to prey on Pennsylvania streets, to prey all over this country."
Says "Brenda Snipes in Broward County is a Republican."
Says "Donald Trump was doing a rally in the state of Florida" the day Trump's son and others met with a Russian lawyer in New York.
Says "EIGHT Iowa counties have more adults registered to vote than voting-aged adults living there.”
Says "Every single person who has cancer has a pH that is too acidic," and claims Dr. Otto Warburg won the Nobel Prize for proving that cancer can’t survive in an alkaline-rich environment and thrives in an acidic, low oxygen environment.
Says "For the first time in our state’s history, the Pride flag has been raised at our State Capitol!!"
Says "Harry Reid, when asked about the Republican field, said the Republican he likes the best is Donald Trump, and he said, because I can work with him. He'll cut deals."
Says "Hillary Clinton's plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs."
Says "J.B. Pritzker’s tax plan" includes a "new tax per mile you drive with government tracking device."
Says "massive floods" led to Legionnaires’ disease outbreaks at the Quincy Veterans’ Home.
Says "Muhammad owned many slaves" while Robert E. Lee was "against slavery."
Says "Nancy Pelosi came out in favor of MS-13."
Says "Nicolás Maduro is carrying out a genocide on his people."
Says "No, I don't benefit, I don't benefit" from his tax proposal.
Says "Obama paid FBI informant over $1 million to do it to Trump."
Says "On the Public Service Commission, (Kevin Cramer) raised his pay to over $93,650."
Says "Patrick Murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund Zika."
Says "people who come to" their dissent actions "get a ‘cease and desist’ letter" from Ron Johnson's office.
Says "precisely zero terrorists, terrorist groups or terror plots have ever been connected with the U.S.-Mexico border to do harm to people within the United States."
Says "Rosie O’Donnell apparently committed the same offense five times, five times, when she broke the identical law that Dinesh (D'Souza) was prosecuted for."
Says "Russia donated 0$ to Donald Trump. Russia donated 145.000.000$ to the Clinton Foundation."
Says "sleazy Keith Ellison and shady Dean Phillips both caught up in another sexual harassment scandal" and that Phillips is "charged with ignoring sexual harassment and discrimination at his companies."
Says "some Planned Parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit."
Says "special military helicopters will spray pesticide against the Corona virus in the skies all over the country."
Says "the coronavirus was engineered by scientists in a lab."
Says "the New York Times can write a story that they know is false" yet "they can't basically be sued."
Says "the New York Times wrote about" Barack Obama wiretapping Donald Trump during the election. 
Says "we know" Erika Harold would "discriminate against a loving gay couple who want to adopt a child, favoring an abusive straight couple instead."
Says “every time" the DSCC endorsed someone in North Carolina's U.S. Senate primary, "and the person they didn’t support was black, the candidate they picked ended up losing."
Says “Joe Biden wants to ban 9mm pistols.”
Says 12 restaurants and food companies are "supporting Trump’s re-election."
Says 194 people were killed in mass shootings in 2018 while undocumented immigrants killed 83,211 people.
Says 228 House Democrats voted "to allow illegal aliens to have right to vote"
Says 3,000 people "did not die" in two hurricanes that hit Puerto Rico. That death toll estimate was "done by Democrats."
Says 642,000 crimes were committed against Texans by criminal immigrants in a recent seven-year period.
Says a "Clorox bottle claimed it could kill (the 2019 coronavirus)... before it was developed."
Says a bill co-sponsored by Sen. Claire McCaskill "would give a free pass to any illegal immigrant who brings a child to the border."
Says a Craigslist ad offered to pay actors to be Trump supporters for a rally. 
Says a deer became "riddled with tumors from eating plants sprayed with Monsanto’s Roundup."
Says a federal program that collects reported side-effects of vaccinations doesn’t accept possible outcomes extending to road accidents, heart attacks or suicides.
Says a military Humvee labeled “COVID-19 quarantine team” was on Interstate 696 in Michigan.
Says a New York physician and his wife jumped to their deaths because they "can’t afford" Obamacare.
Says a photo from JFK airport shows "our troops leaving to protect each one of us and our country."
Says a photo of a park covered in trash was left behind by "environmentalists" after an Earth Day celebration in California.
Says a photo of a woman wearing a costume holding the sign "vagina lady" is Stanford law professor Pamela Karlan.
Says a photo of Trump smiling with staff at a hospital in Dayton, Ohio, was staged and the nurses were paid actors.
Says a photo showing thousands on a ship next to a crowded dock are "Europeans trying to get to North Africa during World War II."
Says a photo shows "25,000 outside all to hear the POTUS speak!"
Says a photo shows "Kurdish kids" after Turkey’s invasion.
Says a photo shows a dog who has slept by his master’s grave every night for seven years.
Says a photo shows a gas-powered van towing a diesel generator that is charging an electric car.
Says a photo shows a man wearing a “government issue Saint Laurent hazardous materials suit.”
Says a photo shows a pack of wolves walking in a single line in the snow being led by the sick.
Says a photo shows a white man smiling while holding a black man with a bloody face.
Says a photo shows an old Christmas tradition of women apologizing "to their husbands for all the mistakes they made during the year and beg for forgiveness."
Says a photo shows CNN chyrons that read, "Democrats ask, ‘Why even have a Second Amendment?'" and "CNN Exclusive: China cracks down on pro democracy demonstrators." 
Says a photo shows Donald Trump kissing Ivanka Trump on the lips.
Says a photo shows Greta Thunberg posing next to George Soros and with ISIS.
Says a photo shows Joe Biden groping a woman.
Says a photo shows Pamela Karlan reacting to Hillary Clinton’s presidential defeat.
Says a photo shows President Ronald Reagan meeting with Taliban leaders in the White House.
Says a photo shows that climate change protesters left trash all over their protest side.
Says a photo shows the height difference between Donald Trump and Mike Bloomberg.
Says a photograph of Harriet Tubman shows she was a "gun-toting, Democrat-shooting, 2nd Amendment-supporting Republican."
Says a progressive income tax proposal from Democratic governor candidate J.B. Pritzker "is wholly regressive."
Says a quote defending President Donald Trump can be attributed to Clint Eastwood.
Says a Republican bill "pays for school construction with teacher pay raises."
Says a Republican bill he vetoed would have implemented a "mandate" to make public the names of all students’ parents or guardians.
Says a Roman statesman in 42 B.C. had a "warning about Trump" when he said 2,000 years ago that a nation "cannot survive treason from within."
Says a Sanders campaign ad "never said ... a newspaper endorsed us that did not."
Says a series of photos show Iranian rockets being launched toward U.S. air bases in Iraq.
Says a series of photos show Iranian rockets being launched toward U.S. air bases in Iraq.
Says a video proves Pelosi “was planning” to rip up President Donald Trump’s State of the Union address “from the start.”
Says a video shows a fox allowing itself “to feed koala babies in Australia.”
Says a video shows Greta Thunberg firing a rifle.
Says a video shows Iranian rockets being launched toward a U.S. air base in Iraq.
Says a video shows Iranian rockets being launched toward U.S. airbases in Iraq.
Says a viral photo shows Susan B. Anthony being "beaten and arrested for trying to vote" in 1872.
Says a Washington Post reporter who broke news on Judge Roy Moore story has a criminal history of "faking."
Says a young Texas rapper charged with capital crimes faces the death penalty but the alleged Santa Fe High School shooter faces prison and then parole after 40 years.
Says a zip tie attached a car is a sex trafficking tactic to mark women as a target and abduct them.
Says Aaron Hernandez' daughter is, by Massachusetts law, entitled to the remainder of his $15 million NFL contract because he committed suicide during his appeal, making his conviction "null and void."
Says about 80% to 90% of people seeking asylum do not have a valid claim.
Says actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson wore a T-shirt stating: "We Stand for the flag, we kneel for the fallen."
Says actor Tim Allen wrote a lengthy anti-Democrat attack on Facebook.
Says Adam Sandler said "Mormons are some of the most decent people I’ve ever come across."
Says Aftab Pureval is "lying" about his office’s "$400,000 projected deficit."
Says after a car accident comedian Kevin Hart has been "paralyzed from the neck down" and his "vocal cords have been paralyzed as well, leaving him with the inability to speak."
Says after Australia passed a "new law" that forced gun owners to give up over 640,000 firearms, the country saw a dramatic increase in homicides, assaults and robberies.
Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, "she's seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped."
Says after the shooting in El Paso, "on Sunday, everyone was going to church in America, praying about this, and the next day when their kids went to school, they weren’t allowed to pray or bring it up."
Says Albert Einstein said, "Evil is the result of what happens when man does not have God’s love present in his heart."
Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez "weeps over empty parking lot."
Says Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez tweeted, "I see people are rushing out to fill up their cars for this hurricane at the gas station. This wouldn’t be an issue if they had electric cars. If the power is out for a week how are they going to get gas? We need to start planning ahead and moving forward."
Says allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances on a female sheriff’s deputy "were found by two separate judges to not have merit."
Says an arms control treaty supported by Barack Obama "could give the U.N. some authority to regulate guns."
Says an image depicts Hurricane Dorian over the Bahamas.
Says an image of a pile of needles is from Nancy Pelosi’s congressional district in San Francisco.
Says an image of a Vermont mansion is one of Bernie Sanders homes.
Says an image shows a paralyzed groom being held up by his groomsmen so he could kiss his bride.
Says an image shows a photo of hurricane-ravaged Abaco Island in the Bahamas.
Says an image shows a satellite view of fires in Australia.
Says an Internet meme shows people rejoicing over the Paris agreement.
Says Andrew Gillum has a "far left socialist platform."
Says Andrew Gillum is running "from the FBI."
Says Andy Rooney wrote a long commentary defending prayer and Christianity in the United States.
Says Anthony Fauci’s statement that the coronavirus death rate is 10 times that of the seasonal flu is “a claim without any scientific basis."
Says Arabic "is the third most-common language in Austin."
Says as GOP was picking a convention city, "I recommended Ohio."
Says at his confirmation hearing Brett Kavanaugh said birth control methods could be considered "abortion-inducing drugs."
Says Austin is "creating more jobs than any other city in the country."
Says Barabara Walters wrote that Jane Fonda "betrayed not only the idea of our country, but specific men who served and sacrificed during the Vietnam War."
Says Barbara Walters said Jane Fonda "betrayed not only the idea of our country, but specific men who served and sacrificed during the Vietnam War." 
Says Bernie Sanders "did not mention race or gender until 23 minutes into this speech" announcing his 2020 presidential run.
Says Bernie Sanders “collaborated with Marxist regimes in the Soviet Union, Nicaragua and Cuba.”
Says Bernie Sanders “only had 3,444 votes” in Nevada.
Says Bernie Sanders wants "to make the cut off date for abortions up to 36 weeks" because he says "a baby at that point feels no pain and has no rights to life."
Says Bernie Sanders was indifferent to Russia's annexation of Crimea because he felt "they have a lot of Russians anyway."
Says Beto O’Rourke had a "resolution to legalize all narcotics--including heroin and other deadly opioids."
Says Beto O’Rourke is "the only candidate to the U.S. Senate to call for" impeaching President Donald Trump.
Says Beto O’Rourke said he’s grateful that people are burning or desecrating the American flag.
Says Beto O’Rourke voted "against body armor for Texas sheriffs patrolling the border."
Says Beto O’Rourke wants "open borders and wants to take our guns."
Says Bill Clinton "gave nukes to North Korea," Barack Obama "gave nukes to Iran," and Hillary Clinton "gave uranium to Russia."
Says Bill Daley, as part of former Gov. Bruce Rauner’s transition team, wrote "the blueprint" for record Springfield gridlock.
Says Bill de Blasio is "banning hot dog sales to stop climate change."
Says Bill Murray said "The best way to teach your kids about taxes is by eating 30% of their ice cream."
Says Bill Murray said, “So if we lie to the government, it’s a felony. But if they lie to us it's politics.”
Says Bill Nelson "voted against requiring Iran to recognize Israel and release American hostages."
Says border patrol agent recently killed in ambush.
Says Brett Kavanaugh’s mother presided over foreclosure case against Christine Blasey Ford’s parents, which fueled motivation for sexual assault accusation.
Says Brooke Baldwin said, "Don’t hire veterans! They’re too damaged to be trusted with authority."
Says Bruce Lee said, "You will continue to suffer if you have an emotional reaction to everything that is said to you. True power is sitting back and observing everything with logic. If words control you that means everyone else can control you. Breathe and allow things to pass."
Says California has "30% or a third of the country’s people living at or below the poverty level."
Says China "stole Coronavirus from Canada and weaponized it into a Bioweapon."
Says Chris Abele "has had five years and he’s done nothing" about the Estabrook Dam.
Says Chris Jacobs is a "Never Trumper."
Says Chuck Schumer said "it’s racist to only allow citizens to vote."
Says Chuck Todd said the Roy Moore story "felt completely orchestrated."
Says climate scientist James Hansen says "we have until perhaps 50 years from now," or maybe a little longer "and at that point, we are looking at 10, 20, 30 feet of sea-level rise."
Says CNN reported Ben Carson was "taking a break from campaigning" and the Cruz campaign "forwarded that news to our volunteers."
Says CNN’s Chris Cuomo "never asked" Sen. Richard Blumenthal about Blumenthal's misstatements on his own service in Vietnam.
Says Congress set aside $50 billion for the Secure Fence Act in 2006
Says congressional salaries have gone up 231% over the last 30 years...Now Congress is saying they need a $4,500 raise.
Says Congressman Tom McClintock, R-Calif., "has authored three laws since he’s been in office; two renamed post offices."
Says Conor Lamb "ran on a campaign that said very nice things about me."
Says conservative mega-donor Richard Uihlein is a Wisconsin resident.
Says COVID-19 came to the United States in 2019.
Says Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones told players: "Stand for the Anthem or you’re off team."
Says Dan Feehan "would vote with Pelosi for open borders and amnesty, putting Minnesota families at risk."
Says Delta offers a discount to Planned Parenthood.
Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Russ Feingold "voted over 250 times to raise taxes."
Says Democrats "blocked the Iowa poll" and "blocked the Iowa caucus."
Says Democrats "have issued more subpoenas than they’ve passed bills."
Says Democrats "spent $40,000,000 of YOUR tax dollars trying to impeach Trump."
Says Democrats are embracing “abortion up until the moment of birth and even, horrifically, after that.”
Says Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein announced in February that "the Russia collusion investigation is over."
Says diversity visa immigrants are not vetted.
Says Donald Trump "always pays his bills promptly."
Says Donald Trump "asserted that immigrants would quote, ‘carve you up with a knife’."
Says Donald Trump "doesn't make a thing in America."
Says Donald Trump "has not apologized" for comments caught on tape by "Access Hollywood."
Says Donald Trump "has the second-highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president."
Says Donald Trump "hasn’t broken his promise" to release his tax returns.
Says Donald Trump "is going to go out and carpet bomb" the Middle East.
Says Donald Trump "said illegal immigration has been a problem in America for 'thousands of years.' "
Says Donald Trump "will not be profiting" from the G-7 summit meeting to be held at Trump’s Doral resort.
Says Donald Trump promised "to take care of everybody (through government-run healthcare and) the government's going to pay for it."
Says Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care.
Says Donald Trump said, "Immigrants aren’t people, they’re animals."
Says Donald Trump said, "Make no mistake: They’re not after me. They are after you; your guns, your Christian values, your freedom. I’m just in their way."
Says Donald Trump tweeted, "Danny DeVito supports baby murder."
Says Donald Trump tweeted, “Corona vaccine from Israel! Stock market up! Economy even stronger now! Besides US, Israel best at inventions: Judaism, olives. Wonderful vaccine, will stop Corona DEAD around world. Can’t make vaccines when being bombed, not have been possible without peace I created in Israel!”
Says Donald Trump was "caught investing in (the) Dakota Pipeline before signing it."
Says Donald Trump's conversion to pro-life beliefs are akin to Justin Bieber's, who said in the past that abortion "was no big deal to him."
Says Donald Trump's presidential victory was "an electoral landslide."
Says Donna Brazile is a "criminal."
Says Doug Jones "is for full-term abortion."
Says drug dealers have "overdosed on purpose" to avoid prosecution.
Says eight Americans died in a knife attack at a Minnesota mall.
Says Elissa Slotkin’s plan is to take Medicare away from current senior recipients.
Says ex-Lt. Gov. Evelyn Sanguinetti "publicly did not stand in opposition to" former Gov. Bruce Rauner’s decision to sign a bill that expanded the public funding of abortions in Illinois.
Says explosive devices mailed to prominent Democrats and Trump critics confirm the "deep state (is) launching false flag against (mainstream media)/Dems to blame Trump &amp; pro-America forces."
Says Facebook is removing the share button from "Pro-Trump posts."
Says FBI agent Peter Strzok’s hearing confirmed Republican Congressman Jim Jordan’s theory about how the Justice Department got the Steele dossier.
Says FBI Director James Comey’s letter about new developments in the investigation into her emails "only" went "to Republican members of the House."
Says Filipino news organizations are part of a plot to discredit President Rodrigo Duterte and destabilize his government.
Says former FBI Director James Comey admitted to leaking classified information.
Says former NBA player Rick Fox was also on board with Kobe Bryant
Says former President Barack Obama "took similar action against Cuban refugees" as President Donald Trump did in his executive order.
Says former Sen. Rick Santorum said, "Sometimes pregnancy is God’s way of comforting rape victims."
Says former Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz once said that he would "hire an illegal immigrant" before he would hire a veteran.
Says former Ukraine President Petro Poroshenko "actively worked for Secretary Clinton."
Says four Republican representatives "voted to impeach President Donald Trump."
Says Fox News anchor Shepard Smith stepped down after Attorney General William Barr "had a closed door meeting with Rupert Murdoch."
Says Gary Peters "supports ‘Medicare for All,’ siding with radical liberals."
Says Gerald Daugherty is endorsed by the Austin American-Statesman.
Says getting up too quickly in the middle of the night can cause "sudden death."
Says giving Motrin and Robitussin together can cause heart attacks in children.
Says Gov. Andrew Cuomo is "stealing money from the MTA and sending it upstate for projects that have nothing to do with transit."
Says Gov. Ralph Northam "stated that he would even allow a newborn baby to come out into the world... then talk to the mother and talk to the father and then execute the baby."
Says Gov. Tony Evers vetoed a school computer program, "saying it would be better spent in urban districts like Madison and Milwaukee."
Says handing over arrested undocumented youth to ICE "was an unintended consequence" of a 2008 San Francisco policy that she supported.
Says he "fought Obama twice and won to stop illegal immigrants from voting."  
Says he didn't cancel a political rally because after Sept. 11, "the New York Stock Exchange was open the following day."
Says he has "a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required."
Says he is "one of America's leading consumer lawyers."
Says he is "cutting illegal immigration in half."
Says he saw videotape "of the people taking the money off the plane" to pay ransom to Iran for hostages.
Says he’s a "retired U.S. Navy officer."
Says he’s been Wisconsin secretary of state "around 25 years."
Says Heidi Heitkamp has "never been interested in" regulatory relief "until all of a sudden I become a candidate for the Senate and put pressure on."
Says Henry Kissinger said "Trump is the one true leader in world affairs and he is forcing policy changes that put America first!"
Says her representation of an ex-boyfriend "who was then my friend" in a family law case is "something that lawyers do on a regular basis."
Says Hillary Clinton "believes that all abortions should be legal, even on the due date of that unborn child."
Says Hillary Clinton "doesn’t believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense."
Says Hillary Clinton "filibustered legislation to reform" Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment."
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to go to a single-payer plan" for health care
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than they're paying now."
Says Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin has "ties to the Muslim Brotherhood."
Says Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta’s email password was "password."
Says Hillary Clinton in 2013 said: "I would like to see people like Donald Trump run for office; They’re honest and can’t be bought."
Says Hillary Clinton is "proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybody's jobs, including low-income African-Americans."
Says Hillary Clinton is "wrong" to say he mocked a disabled reporter.
Says Hillary Clinton is proposing "destroying Medicare for seniors."
Says Hillary Clinton was "let off the hook" for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life "destroyed for doing far, far less."
Says Hillary Clinton’s "State Department blocked investigation into Orlando killer’s mosque."
Says Hillary Clinton’s energy agenda "will cost the U.S. economy over $5 trillion"
Says Hillary Clinton’s immigration platform would "create totally open borders."
Says his campaign has released his past tax returns.
Says his conviction is "a political witch hunt by holdovers in the Obama justice department."
Says his job approval poll numbers are "not bad" relative to other presidents at this point in his presidency.
Says Hitler said, "This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration! Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future!"
Says House Democrats leading the impeachment inquiry are "denying President Trump basic fairness and due process accorded every American."
Says House Democrats’ impeachment inquiry of President Donald Trump "doesn’t feature the opposition party, it doesn’t feature cross-examination."
Says House Intelligence Chair Adam Schiff "made up the conversation. He lied. If he didn't do that in the halls of Congress, he'd be thrown in jail. He did it in the halls of Congress, he's given immunity."
Says HR 1 would "legalize" the kind of fraud found in North Carolina
Says if an unmarked car tries to pull you over, you should dial 112 to confirm it’s actually a police officer because the number provides "a direct link to state trooper info," and that "this applies in all 50 states."
Says if you donate blood, “they HAVE to test you” for coronavirus.
Says if you take the oath of office on the Koran, “then you have committed treason.”
Says images show migrants on trains and buses heading toward the United States, not walking.
Says immigrants wanted by ICE have victimized "tens of thousands of children" in North Carolina.
Says in 2012 "Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote."
Says Islamic studies professor Tariq Ramadan said Muslims are here "to colonize the U.S. and Canada and spread Sharia law" and won’t "hesitate to use violent Jihad" if they have to.
Says it shows a “DNC Group” teaching “ILLEGAL VOTING in Arizona.”
Says it’s “OK to kill babies once born” in Virginia.
Says J. David Cox, "the boss" of the jail guards "who were supposed to keep" suspected sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein alive, is also "friends with Bill and Hillary Clinton."
Says James Clapper said "that the FBI was spying on (Trump's) campaign."
Says Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio "had it set so that the winner takes everything, because they wanted to make sure that I didn't get anything" in the Florida primary.
Says Jeb Bush tweeted "Ok boomer" at Donald Trump.
Says Jeff Foxworthy wrote a list of examples explaining how "you might live in a nation that was founded by geniuses but is run by idiots."
Says Joe Biden "blackmailed Ukraine with a billion in tax dollars to drop an investigation into his son and Democrats want to impeach President Trump for simply asking if it was true?"
Says Joe Biden "murdered U.S. Navy Seals."
Says Joe Biden "said he never spoke to the Ukrainian company, and then the picture came out where he was playing golf with the company boss and Hunter" Biden.
Says Joe Biden "tells men to marry into families ‘with 3 or 4 sisters.’"
Says Joe Biden leaked the names of SEAL Team 6’s families to al-Qaida and that he "cannot be trusted."
Says Joe Biden’s campaign told an Iowa library where Jill Biden was holding an event “to remove the American flag as they did not want to say the pledge of allegiance.”
Says Joe Manchin "supported Obama and Clinton's campaigns to kill coal jobs."
Says John F. Kennedy Jr. said, "If my dear friend Donald Trump ever decided to sacrifice his fabulous billionaire lifestyle to become president he would be an unstoppable force for ultimate justice that Democrats and Republicans alike would celebrate."
Says John F. Kennedy said, "What if we go to heaven and we, all our lives, have treated the Negro as an inferior, and God is there, and we look up and He is not white? What then is our response?"
Says John Podesta "refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA. Disgraceful!"
Says John Podesta’s email password was "password." 
Says John Quincy Adams said, "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more, and become more, you are a leader."
Says John Wayne said, "If you don’t want an American flag flying in your town square or at your school, then why the hell are you living in the US?"
Says Joseph Stalin said, "It is enough that the people know there was an election. The people who cast the votes decide nothing. The people who count the votes decide everything."
Says justices of the peace in Texas are being asked to choose: "give up your career or violate your religious beliefs" and perform same-sex marriages.
Says Kate Spade worked with the Clintons and suggests they were involved in her death.
Says Katie Porter is part of a "radical group of Democrats with an extreme agenda to abolish ICE."
Says Leah Vukmir said: "I’m not endorsing Donald Trump."
Says Lil Boosie and George Zimmerman got into a fight.
Says Mahatma Gandhi once said, "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win."
Says Marco Rubio tweeted a verse from the New Testament to shame "his own constituents for flocking to Trump rally."
Says Marcus Aurelius said, "Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth."
Says Marie Yovanovitch was "dishonest" when she claimed under oath that she never personally responded to an email from a Democratic staffer. But "in fact, it turns out that she did respond."
Says Mark Kirk "called for the mass arrest of 18,000 African Americans" and "was apparently fine with Trump’s #StillTooRacist call for mass deportation."
Says Marshall Tuck "is backed by Donald Trump’s education advisor" pictured as Betsy DeVos. 
Says Martin Luther King Jr. "was killed (smothered) in the hospital" and "the US government was found guilty in a court of law of conspiring to kill him."
Says Maxine Waters tweeted, “Every single gun owner I have talked to has told me, ‘As soon as I walked out of that gun store, I felt a killer growing inside of me.’ When will we acknowledge there is no such thing as a responsible gun owner?”
Says Maxine Waters, Nancy Pelosi and Bernie Sanders have passed six bills in a combined 67 years.
Says Miami-Dade Circuit Court Judge Milton Hirsch "is constantly overturned."
Says Michael Bloomberg said, "I have known Trump for decades. We have traveled in the same business circles. He is known among millionaires as a con-artist and among business owners as a cheat out to stiff everyone."
Says Michelle Obama "said she was never proud of her country til they elected her husband POTUS."
Says Milwaukee County district attorney candidate Verona Swanigan "has worked as a prosecutor."
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele "once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters."
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele is a "billionaire."
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele spent "$100,000 of taxpayer money on a new luxury SUV."
Says Mitch McConnell was cured of polio when he was a child by government-funded care and now he’s trying to take that same care away from millions of Americans
Says Mitch McConnell's "biggest donor" is a "Russian oligarch that the GOP just lifted sanctions on."
Says Mitt Romney voted against convicting President Donald Trump because Burisma board member Joseph Cofer Black “is Romney’s national security advisor” and because of ties to Obama CIA director John Brennan.
Says MSNBC called the Florida governor’s race for Andrew Gillum before Election Day.
Says N.Y. Gov. Andrew Cuomo “rejected buying recommended 16,000 ventilators in 2015 for the pandemic, for a pandemic, established death panels and lotteries instead. So, he had a chance to buy, in 2015, 16,000 ventilators at a very low price, and he turned it down.”
Says Nancy Pelosi said, "It is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump’s fate."
Says Nancy Pelosi said, "Just because someone is here illegally doesn’t mean they broke any of our laws."
Says Nancy Pelosi said, “If the Senate conducts a sham trial, our caucus will just impeach the president again. We have no shortage of impeachment offenses. This president is a criminal.”
Says Nancy Pelosi was “caught trying to include abortion funding in bill to combat coronavirus.”
Says Nancy Pelosi’s "legislative aide … is from the Ukraine and is connected to the Ukrainian Embassy, the Ukrainian military, the Ukrainian government and Ukrainian party life"
Says NASA spent more than $165 million over 10 years to develop a pen that "writes in zero gravity, upside down" and in extreme temperatures while the "Russians used a pencil instead."
Says NC bill would change the grading scale.
Says NC Senate leader "expressed disdain" for the NC House budget vote on Sept. 11.
Says Nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys to "shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms."
Says no one from the Bush family attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and "there was no President Bush" at the 2008 convention.
Says no one has died from the coronavirus in the United States.
Says North Carolina's average teacher salary was at the national average "back when I was in public school." 
Says North Carolina's replacement for HB2 "orders NC cities to discriminate against LGBT people until at least 2020 and unfair ‘bathroom bans’ remain."
Says of immigrant family separations at the border, "we had the exact same policy as the Obama administration."
Says Ohio congressional candidate Danny O’Connor "would make Columbus a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants."
Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich is "very unpopular."
Says Ohio’s I-X Center "used to be a great plant," but "thousands of people of worked here, and they left" when their jobs were moved overseas.
Says one year ago, "no cities in the South had guaranteed paid sick days."
Says Patrick Henry said, "The Constitution is not a document for the government to restrain the people: it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government."
Says Patrick Mahomes said, “I believe George Zimmerman is innocent.”
Says Patrick Morrisey "ran for Congress in NJ as pro-choice."
Says Patrick Morrisey undertook "efforts to put educators in jail."
Says Patrick Murphy advocated for "cuts to Social Security and Medicare."
Says Patrick Murphy wrongly conveyed Rubio's stance on abortion for women infected by Zika.
Says Paul Manafort "played a very limited role" in the Trump presidential campaign.
Says Pennsylvania chemical plant and Louisiana liquified natural gas plant "could never have happened" without his administration.
Says Pennsylvania Republican nominee for Congress Fred Keller "was a 50-50 shot" before his landslide victory.
Says people can send Christmas cards to "a recovering American soldier" at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C.
Says people shouldn’t make birthday donations on Facebook because the organization can claim the donation as a tax write-off, and only has to deliver 15% of the donation to the charity organization.
Says Pete Gallego "went and lobbied after you fired him from Congress."
Says Pete Gallego canceled a "planned meeting with the families of Sandy Hook victims."
Says photo of man shows "diseases coming across the border."
Says photo shows "the Golden Gate Bridge opening to the public for the first time back in 1937, and yes, it almost collapsed."
Says photo shows U.S. planes on fire after Iranian missile strikes in Iraq.
Says police are warning shoppers to use wipes to clean their carts over deadly risk of fentanyl residue.
Says police are warning that a new technique by gangs is to throw eggs at your windshield and to not "operate the wiper" because it will "block your vision up to 92.5%," forcing you to stop the car and become a victim.
Says police officers smoke marijuana once a year as part of their jobs.
Says PolitiFact reported that "95 percent of what (Donald Trump) says is a lie."
Says Pope Francis said, "You cannot call yourself ‘Catholic’ and vote Democrat. It is a grave sin, one for which there is no redemption."
Says popular food and drink items such as Kraft, Pepsi and Nestle use a flavor enhancement company that "puts aborted baby fetus cells in their food and drinks."
Says President Barack Obama “waited six months to call swine flu an emergency after thousands died.”
Says President Barack Obama advocated "fathers in the home" as the solution to gun violence.
Says President Barack Obama made it "legal" for the media to "purposely lie" to the public when he "quietly signed into law HR 4310 in 2012."
Says President Barack Obama never said, "No boots on the ground" in Syria.
Says President Barack Obama once said, "The American dream is to be Donald Trump"
Says President Barack Obama was "furious" that he was caught on camera holding a pro-Muslim book.
Says President Bill Clinton did not sign NAFTA. 
Says President Donald Trump "fired Lt. Col. Vindman because he testified agaisnt (sic) him and corroborated the Whistleblowers (sic) testimony."
Says President Donald Trump "has given more financial disclosure than anybody else."
Says President Donald Trump has donated $1 million to a relief fund for the Bahamas in the wake of Hurricane Dorian while no other politicians have contributed any money.
Says President Donald Trump is one of "only three people that won the Ellis Island Award for their work within the black community."
Says President Donald Trump said asylum seekers "aren't people. These are animals."
Says President Donald Trump this week will sign an executive order creating term limits for Congress.
Says President Donald Trump’s proposal to allow Americans to buy health insurance across state lines would make it the same as "the way you buy car insurance" today.
Says President Obama "was proposing pinprick strikes" for military intervention in Syria.
Says President Obama’s deal "allows Iran to produce a nuclear weapon."
Says President Trump donated his "second quarter salary to rebuild military cemeteries" and that the media ignored it and every other story of him donating his salary as POTUS.
Says presidential candidate Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand said, "Social Security must (be) expanded to illegal immigration, it’s their right."
Says professional football coach Rex Ryan "won championships in New York. The AFC, I think, twice."
Says Qassem Soleimani "assisted in the clandestine travel to Afghanistan of 10 of the 12 terrorists who carried out the September 11 terrorist attacks in the United States."
Says recent changes to Austin city policy give homeless people more rights than property owners and allow for "homeless camps on private property, business frontage, and even public sidewalks." 
Says Red Cross President and CEO Marsha J. Evans makes "$651,957 plus expenses" a year and "only 9 cents of every dollar" donated to the organization goes to helping people in need.
Says Rep. Adam Schiff was "complicit in EDITING AND COMPOSING THE ‘WHISTLEBLOWER COMPLAINT’ BEFORE IT WAS FILED."
Says Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez "called our country and our people garbage."
Says Rep. Ilhan Omar, D-Minn., was "speaking about how wonderful al-Qaida is."
Says Rep. Kyrsten Sinema supported a bill that is "essentially encouraging child trafficking."
Says Rep. Rashida Tlaib "wears the symbolic scarf patterned after the Islamic terrorist state."
Says Rep. Tammy "Duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending, size and reach of the IRS."
Says Republican Dan Bishop was "down by 17" points in NC congressional race and then won "by a lot."
Says Republican Gov. Phil Scott "just voted to impeach President Trump."
Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Adam Laxalt "tried to cut a deal with big pharma" in a lawsuit.
Says Republicans "just passed" the Veterans Choice program after 44 years of trying. "They've been trying to pass that one for many, many decades."
Says Richard Cordray’s "plan would allow drug dealers to remain on our streets."
Says Rick Kriseman is $35 million over budget on St. Petersburg’s new police station.
Says Rihanna hired "five planes that carried 90,000 liters of water to support the fire control" in the Amazon rainforest.
Says Rob Portman "even voted to allow people on the terrorism watch list to buy guns."
Says Robert De Niro said, "I preferred the time in America when the president and the village idiot were two different people."
Says Robert Mueller "didn’t follow the special counsel regulations. It clearly says write a confidential report about decisions reached. Nowhere in here does it say write a report about decisions that were not reached."
Says Ron Johnson "has essentially done nothing" to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse.
Says Ron Johnson "helped companies ship jobs overseas."
Says Ron Johnson "is benefiting from several super PACs, I am not."
Says Ron Johnson "voted five times for tax breaks that help companies ship Wisconsin jobs overseas."
Says Roy Moore "has advocated getting the federal government out of health care altogether, which means doing away with Medicaid, which means doing away with Medicare."
Says Russ Feingold was the "only senator to vote against Homeland Security."
Says Saddam Hussein said, "We cannot defeat America by the sword. America must be defeated within their politics."
Says Samuel L. Jackson said, "Maybe if we underpaid these modern mumble rappers and overpaid teachers there would be smarter people in the future and less s----- music."
Says Scott Walker left college "under an ethical cloud for having tried to fix" the election for student body president.
Says Sen. Bernie Sanders lived off welfare before he was elected, never held a "9-5 job" and hasn’t proposed a single bill that passed.
Says Sen. Bill Nelson "hasn’t done anything on gun safety or school safety, and nothing on gun control."
Says Sen. Bill Nelson "voted for higher taxes" 349 times.
Says Sen. Chuck Schumer in 2014 "helped put together and signed a $25 billion deal to fund a border wall" and now opposes Trump's $5 billion request for a border wall "just because he's a Republican." ​
Says Sen. Elizabeth Warren "has been on Risperdal since first being prescribed the drug in 2011."
Says Sen. John McCain spent the July 4 weekend in Islamabad, Pakistan, selling "F-16s and advanced weapons to the folks who harbored Osama bin Laden."
Says Sen. John McCain was "caught making highly illegal phone call to foreign country."
Says Sen. Mitch McConnell's delay in seating Alabama Sen.-elect Doug Jones "is a flagrant violation of Senate policy, which requires Jones assume office the instant one of them wins the election."
Says Sen. Richard Blumenthal said he served in Vietnam in "Da Nang Province. Soldiers dying left and right as we battled up the hill." And "then he cried when (the press) caught him."
Says Sen. Tammy Baldwin "claims to support a 'Buy America' philosophy, but her actions speak louder than her empty words."
Says she "never received nor sent any material that was marked classified" on her private email server while secretary of state.
Says she "sued Exxon Mobil" as California attorney general. 
Says Sidney Blumenthal wrote that the Benghazi attack was "almost certainly preventable. Clinton was in charge of the State Department, and it failed to protect U.S. personnel and an American consulate in Libya."
Says Sinclair Lewis said, "When fascism comes to America, it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross."
Says six eradicated diseases such as whooping cough and the bubonic plague are making a comeback "thanks to refugees and illegal immigrants."
Says state Sen. Morgan Carroll's votes made "it easier to sue doctors, small businesses, even nurses. Putting her own shady interests first."
Says Steph Curry decided to split with Nike because the company wouldn’t allow him to write Bible scriptures in his shoes.
Says Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland "voted, so the folks know, in Washington, D.C., to keep guns away from private citizens."
Says Susan Coleman was killed after having an affair with Bill Clinton.
Says swabbing a tick with a soap-soaked cotton ball is a "safe, easy way" to remove them from skin.
Says Taco Bell is selling menudo for the month of November.
Says Tammy Baldwin "wants to require children starting at age 5 to learn about gay sex!"
Says Tammy Baldwin was told by a whistleblower about "overmedicated veterans," she made "deadly mistakes" and "three veterans died" at the Tomah VA hospital.
Says Ted Kennedy met "with the KGB in order to beat Ronald Reagan in 1984."
Says Ted Strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is "mixed and spotty."
Says Ted Strickland supported giving $150 billion to Iranian regime that persecutes women, Christians and gays.
Says television host Steve Harvey authored a pro-Trump rant about raccoons and exterminators.
Says Texas Democrat Lizzie Pannill Fletcher contradicted herself on her health care position by saying "we need universal health care."
Says that "perpetrators of domestic violence accounted for 54% of mass shootings between 2009 and 2016, according to the advocacy group Everytown for Gun Safety."
Says that after "the last income tax increase in the state of Illinois, we saw the largest exodus of middle-income families."
Says that at Beto O’Rourke’s rally in El Paso, there were "200 people, 300 people."
Says that compared to direct sales by manufacturers, consumers "save avg of $500 per car sold through franchised dealer model."
Says that four Democrats — Sheila Jackson Lee, Joe Biden, Elizabeth Warren, and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez — made specific, suspect remarks about such topics as the Constitution, abortion and guns.
Says that ice melting in a cup illustrates that sea levels don’t rise when icebergs melt.
Says that in New Mexico, "illegals are issued emergency welfare EBT cards with $1k a month +$200 for each child, for at least 5+ years until they see a judge."
Says that Olive Garden is "funding" President Trump's 2020 re-election campaign.
Says that since lawmakers acted, "we have 130 new businesses across Texas doing helicopter hog hunts."
Says that the Council on American-Islamic Relations was founded in response to 9/11.
Says that under President Donald Trump, "not only have we not gone after al-Qaida ... our president is supporting al-Qaida."
Says that when his supporters chanted "send her back" about Ilhan Omar, he stopped it. 
Says the "bones of children" were found on Jeffrey Epstein’s island. 
Says the 2008 book “End of Days” predicted the current coronavirus outbreak.
Says the 2019 coronavirus "causes sudden death syndrome."
Says the Austin school district "enjoys the highest per-student funding of all large Texas districts" even after forwarding tax revenue to the state.
Says the California congressional district he represents "has a higher GDP than Russia."
Says the CDC now says that the coronavirus can survive on surfaces for up to 17 days.
Says the CDC recommends men shave their beards to protect against coronavirus.
Says the Chinese Communist Party "will finally admit that the real source of the coronavirus is from ‘a lab in Wuhan’ linked to its covert biological weapon programs."
Says the Clinton Foundation "gave ONLY $5 million to charities, spent $85 million for their salaries &amp; travels and KEPT the rest = $87 million" in 2014.
Says the concealed carry bill would allow residents of certain states to "travel to your community and walk right into a school zone with a loaded weapon, no matter what local laws say."
Says the coronavirus can be slowed or stopped with the “immediate widespread use of high doses of vitamin C.”
Says the coronavirus is “a MILITARY BIO-WEAPON Developed by China's Army.”
Says the coronavirus isn’t new because “Lysol has it listed as one of the viruses that it kills.”
Says the Democratic Party "took Social Security from the independent ‘Trust Fund’ and put it into the general fund so that Congress could spend it" and "eliminated the income tax deduction for Social Security (FICA) withholding."
Says the Donald J.Trump Foundation's money "is his money."
Says the FDA will now require sealed ice cream cartons in response to the Blue Bell ice cream licker, thus driving up the cost for consumers.
Says the GOP plan he supports is "the biggest tax cut in U.S. history."
Says the House impeachment vote was the third by Democrats — "They tried to impeach Trump for criticizing the NFL and for some other things." 
Says the Japanese military did not invade the mainland United States after Pearl Harbor because "they know that almost every home had guns and the Americans knew how to use them."
Says the KKK marched in Mebane, N.C., after Trump’s victory
Says the lines on the signature Solo cup are actually markings to designate various measurements.
Says the Looney Tunes cartoon character Yosemite Sam was banned from television for being too violent.
Says the man who rushed the stage at him in Dayton, Ohio, "had chatter about ISIS, or with ISIS" in his social media posts.
Says the media cut out his request of Russian hackers to find Hillary Clinton’s emails “right at the end so that you don’t see the laughter, the joke.”
Says the National Mall’s webcam was "abruptly shut down" and removed from the White House’s website to stop viewers from seeing the lack of attendees at president Trump’s Fourth of July event.
Says the NC elections board received "no calls" after alerting Bladen County voters to possible absentee ballot fraud.
Says the New York Times reported that Hillary Clinton and George Soros "paid (a) woman to accuse Trump of sexual attack."
Says the Obama administration "didn't lock people up in cages."
Says the Obamas are connected to the Varsity Blues college admissions scandal.
Says the sons of Nancy Pelosi, Mitt Romney and John Kerry are all on the boards of "energy companies doing business in Ukraine."
Says the Steele dossier "was responsible for starting" Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into links between the Trump campaign and Russia.
Says the tax bill "is going to cost me a fortune, this thing -- believe me. Believe me, this is not good for me."
Says the Trump administration "has banned the CDC even using the word ‘transgender.’ "
Says the United Nations plans to “implant everyone with a biometric ID.”
Says the United States loses "250 Billion Dollars a year on illegal immigration, not including the terrible drug flow. Top Border Security, including a Wall, is $25 Billion. Pays for itself in two months."
Says the USMCA is the “biggest trade deal ever made.”
Says the Vatican reports that Pope Francis tested negative for the coronavirus before a second test came back positive.
Says the WIC program was created by the Black Panthers to help feed single mothers and children in their communities.
Says there are no political prisoners in Cuba.
Says there are thousands of registered voters over 110 years old in North Carolina, including one who is 219 years old.
Says there is a 4,250% increase in fetal death from the flu shot.
Says there is proof Democrats hired actors to plan violence in Charlottesville.
Says there were "rumors floating around" that Chicago police union officials were "telling their officers, ‘don’t do anything. Over Memorial Day weekend, don’t intercede. If you see some criminal activity, just lay back, do nothing.’"
Says there’s "never (been) so many apprehensions ever in our history."
Says Thomas Jefferson said "the government will one day be corrupt and filled with liars and the people will flock to the one who tells the truth."
Says to Hillary Clinton, "You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it."
Says Tom Ford said about Melania Trump, "I have no interest in dressing a glorified escort who steals speeches and has bad taste in men."
Says Tom Hanks has a volleyball to keep him company while he’s quarantined.
Says Tom Nelson "backed higher taxes on Social Security, costing Wisconsin seniors $95 million."
Says Tony Thurmond was "sued by the ACLU" for leaving students in unsafe conditions. 
Says Tony Thurmond was "Reprimanded by the Obama Administration for failing to address widespread sexual harassment and assault in district schools."
Says top Clinton advisers "were pressing" birther movement stories "very hard."
Says Travis County’s sheriff refuses to enforce 8 USC 1373.
Says Trump administration is "raiding money" from military service member pensions to pay for the border wall.
Says Trump volunteered his airline to bring troops home during Operation Desert Storm.
Says two patients at Valley Regional Medical Center in Brownsville, Texas, “are being looked at” for possible coronavirus infections.
Says U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement “will be at every polling station” on Nov. 3, 2020.
Says U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez took a "$10 million payout from Netflix."
Says U.S. Rep. Dan Lipinski had "a part in" undoing a law that used to limit how long trains could idle at crossings.
Says U.S. Rep. Ilhan Omar has been "arrested 23 times" and is the "daughter of (a) Somali terrorist."
Says U.S. Rep. Justin Amash "votes more with Nancy Pelosi than he ever does with me."
Says U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi said, "Employers cutting hours is a good thing. It then gives that person time to pursue their dreams and passions."
Says U.S. Rep. Sean Casten “demanded the impeachment of the Republican President before the Mueller report was even released.”
Says U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown and Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley were "totally misrepresenting what took place inside of the hospital. Their news conference after I left for El Paso was a fraud. It bore no resemblance to what took place with those incredible people that I was so lucky to meet and spend time with."
Says unlike Tim Kaine, who "invested" in education, Indiana Gov. Mike Pence "slashed education funding."
Says Walker "wants to get rid of" students’ ability to stay on their parents’ health insurance.
Says Walmart is "one of the largest sellers of assault-style weapons."
Says Werner Herzog said, "Dear America: You are waking up, as Germany once did, to the awareness that 1/3 of your people would kill another 1/3, while 1/3 watches."
Says when New York "implemented a program" to tax the wealthy at higher rates it saw a revenue shortfall "because of the outward migration of their top earners."
Says white vans with external locks are “utilized for sex trafficking.”
Says Whoopi Goldberg kept her job and was applauded by ABC after calling Jeanine Pirro a racist slur.
Says William Barr tweeted, “BREAKING NEWS Senator Mitt Romney is the only Republican Senator who voted to remove President Trump from office… IN A COMPLETELY UNRELATED STORY Senator Mitt Romney is also the only Republican Senator who has a son who sits on the board of a Ukrainian Energy Company.”
Says William Taylor and George Kent, the public witnesses in the House impeachment inquiry, are "Never Trumpers."
Says Winston Churchill said, "A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on."
Says Winston Churchill said, "The fascists of the future will call themselves anti-fascists."
Says Winston Churchill said, "When you’re 20, you care what everyone thinks, when you’re 40 you stop caring what everyone thinks, when you’re 60, you realize no one was ever thinking about you in the first place."
Says Winston Churchill said, "You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life."
Says with his guilty impeachment vote, Senator Mitt Romney “could be removed from office.”
Says you can determine a bell pepper’s gender by its "bumps."
Says you can get a free $100 Lowe’s coupon by answering a few questions
Says you can monitor yourself for COVID-19 with a breath test.
Says "Georgia becomes first state to ban Muslim culture in historic move to restore Western values."
Says Hillary Clinton "took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire" during the terrorist attack in Benghazi.
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to abolish the Second Amendment."
Says Michael Bennet wants to close Guantanamo Bay prison and bring terrorists "right here to Colorado."
Says North Korea has "agreed to denuclearization."
Says Senate Republicans are "following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year."
Says Ted Cruz distributed the ad showing a nude Melania Trump on a rug.
Schuyler VanValkenburg co-sponsored a bill that would have "allowed abortion until the moment of birth."
Scott Wallace wants to tax families of five for 'irresponsible breeding'
Seattle police begin gun confiscations: no laws broken, no warrant, no charges.
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand "no longer supports the fight to combat the international delegitimization of Israel."
Senate report admits Clinton ‘gifted’ children to human traffickers
Seven days before John F. Kennedy was assassinated he said, "There’s a plot in this country to enslave every man, woman and child. Before I leave this high and noble office, I intend to expose this plot."
Seventy four percent of Californians are absolutely against sanctuary state policies.
Seventy-seven of the top 300 cities with the highest poverty rate nationwide are in California.
Sex traffickers are using a zip-tie contraption on the door handles of vehicles “to trick females into looking down and digging for something in their purse to cut with ... Once they’re distracted, boom! They are quickly forced into another vehicle, never to be seen again by their people.”
Shocking Video Emerges of Obama Mocking God and the Bible.
Shoes on the Capitol lawn represent 7,182 students who were killed in U.S. schools since 2012.
Shows a photo of two similar Wall Street Journal newspapers with different headlines about President Donald Trump, and describes the editions as, "Same paper, same dates, different markets. What did you just learn? Feeling manipulated yet?"
Since 1965, California has built "six (college) campuses but 23 prisons."
Since 2001, 63,000 of us were murdered by illegal aliens.  ​
Since 2012, city of Austin "property taxes have gone up almost 30 percent while incomes have only risen 4 percent."
Since he and Scott Walker took office in 2011, "60,000 new jobs have been created in this state -- 40,000 of them were created in Madison and the Madison area."
Since Israel started training teachers with guns, "there have only been two school shootings in 44 years and both shooters were killed by teachers."
Since Scott Walker has been our governor, we’ve gone from 50 percent state funding for the University of Wisconsin System "to 15 percent."
Singer Miley Cyrus: ‘Trump fans are destroying my career, I can’t stand them and I decided to move to…’
Siobhan Dunnavant "wrote the Republican bill that would let insurance companies deny coverage for pre-existing conditions."
Six Flags is offering five free passes and unlimited free rides to everyone.
Slices of lemon in a cup of hot water can save your life. The hot lemon can kill the proliferation of the novel coronavirus.
Smoking in cars with children is illegal starting January 30, 2018.
So the number on DACA is 800,000, but every one person can bring in their entire extended family once they reach a certain status. So it's 3 or 4 million, right?
Soccer players on the U.S. women’s national team "stomped" on the American flag.
Somebody in the Obama regime decided to get rid of the citizenship question in the census.
Somebody observed this week that you have to go back to the very founding of the government to the first administration of George Washington to find a time when it’s taken longer to put a Cabinet in place.
Someone can write an article or book, totally make up stories and form a picture of a person that is literally the exact opposite of the fact, and get away with it without retribution or cost. Don’t know why Washington politicians don’t change libel laws?
Speaking of immigration cases, says, "We have thousands of judges."
Starbucks CEO: ‘If You Support Traditional Marriage We Don’t Want Your Business’
Starting in March if you travel outside of the United States you won’t be allowed back in the country “due to high risk of the coronavirus.”
Starting Jan. 1 California residents can’t take shower, do laundry, poop in toilet and flush on same day.
State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons.
State economic development dollars were used to support a project where goods were manufactured in China.
Statistics show 2 to 3 Texas women per week have major complications and 10 women per week seek help at an ER after an abortion.
Steve Santarsiero wrote PA’s Gun Safety Law.
Students at the University of Texas in Austin have been advised not to wear cowboy boots or cowboy hats on Halloween.
Studies show "the 2016 shooting and murder rate in Chicago cost us about $9.6 BILLION DOLLARS" and "the entire City budget for 2018 is $8.6 billion dollars. This math does not work, it is financially killing our city."
Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland "voted to uphold" D.C.’s ban on handguns.
Tariffs are "paid for mostly by China, by the way, not by us."
Ted Cruz had a net worth of $500K when he entered the Senate in 2012. Now he’s worth $4.6 million. Pretty impressive for a guy with a $174K salary.
Ted Cruz is in negotiations to be Donald Trump’s running mate.
Tens of thousands of people leave New York every week.
Texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an equal pay law.
Texas medical professional: Migrants quarantined with UNKNOWN disease.
That’s 5,615 projected coal-powered plants in just 8 countries. The USA has 15 - building 0 more.
The "establishment media ignored" President Donald Trump’s Fourth of July event.
The "FBI was actively investigating Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server" on Sept. 2, 2016.
The "left" is blatantly attempting to disrupt Georgia’s elections.
The #irandeal ultimately would have guaranteed Iran a nuclear bomb capable of reaching the US.
The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me.
The @nytimes states today that DJT believes ‘more countries should acquire nuclear weapons.’ How dishonest are they. I never said this!
The 5-4 decisions the Supreme Court reaches "are going up."
The Affordable Care Act is the single largest tax increase in my lifetime.
The Amazon rainforest fires are "directly related to trade" tensions between the United States and China. 
The ammunition used in the Orlando shooting "is banned by Geneva Convention. It enters the body, spins &amp; explodes."
The Australia bushfires have nothing to do with climate change; it was arson.
The Benghazi victims were "left helpless to die as Hillary Clinton soundly slept in her bed."
The border city of El Paso, Texas, used to have extremely high rates of violent crime — one of the highest in the country, and considered one of our nation's most dangerous cities. Now, immediately upon its building, with a powerful barrier in place, El Paso is one of the safest cities in our country.
The border is down 78 percent. Under past administrations, the border didn’t go down -- it went up.
The ceilings of the Virginia Senate and House chambers are "circled by gold-embossed tobacco leaves."
The chairman of the party of Florida, who is an avid and outward supporter of Marco Rubio, gets to appoint 30 of those delegates.
The city of Austin has "removed, seemingly, any legal consequences to the actions where the homeless lie, sleep, where they defecate."
The Clean Power Plan is something that Sen. Sanders has said he would delay implementing.
The climate hasn't warmed in quite a few years. That is proven scientifically.
The Clinton camp was the first to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that Melania Trump gave.
The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is "rigged."
The coronavirus is “simply the common cold.”
The crowd (in Las Vegas) fled at the sound of gunshots. Imagine the deaths if the shooter had a silencer ...
The day Al Gore was born, there were 130,000 glaciers on earth. Today, only 130,000 remain.
The Dayton, Ohio, shooting suspect died in 2014.
The Declaration of Independence was written on paper made out of hemp.
The default rate for college students has grown from 40 percent 10 years ago to about 50 percent today, and "perhaps as many as 800,000 young Ohioans are facing default on their student loans."
The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify.
The Democrat plan would just obliterate Medicare and terminate Medicare Advantage ... seniors who have been paying for this for years (and) will not be taken care of anymore.
The Democrat(ic) position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth.
The Democrats want to invite caravan after caravan of illegal aliens into our country. And they want to sign them up for free health care, free welfare, free education, and for the right to vote.
The Democrats’ Green New Deal includes "working towards ending air travel."
The DNC hack showed you that the Clinton campaign was working to schedule (primary) debates against (Bernie) Sanders, and the Clinton campaign is continuing this "ploy" against Donald Trump.
The Earth is 6,000 years old, that’s a fact.
The Electoral College is much more advantageous for Democrats.
The elimination of income and sales taxes in New York is equal to 9 percent of taxable income, meaning that if you make $100,000 a year you lose $9,000
The EPA director under Obama said the Clean Power Initiative would have no effect on man-made CO2 emissions. That's what she said. Go look it up.
The European Union … they send us Mercedes, they send us -- by the millions -- the BMWs -- cars by the millions.
The fact is the Clinton Foundation has "got about 80 percent in overhead and 20 percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should."
The FBI said (former national security adviser Michael Flynn) wasn't lying.
The federal government is “preparing to mobilize the national guard,” “dispatch them across the US with military” and “announce a nationwide 1 week quarantine for all citizens.”
The first slaves shipped to the American Colonies in 1619 were 100 white children from Ireland.
The GOP health care proposal would slash more than $135 million in federal funding available to PA schools.
The GOP’s health bill will protect people with pre-existing conditions "every bit as well as Obamacare did."
The Green New Deal "would do away with commercial air travel."
The Green New Deal "would put a $600,000 tax burden on every household."
The head of the IRS ordered 24,000 emails erased before Congress could review them, making sure the American people will never know the real truth.
The health insurance industry has “agreed to waive all co-payments for coronavirus treatments.”
The Human Rights Campaign is "more powerful than the NRA."
The immigration visa lottery "randomly hands out green cards without any regard for skill, merit, or the safety of American people."
The Katy Freeway, or Interstate 10 west of Houston, is the widest freeway in the world, with up to 26 lanes, including frontage road lanes.
The KKK was formed by the Democratic Party.
The KKK was founded as the military arm of the Democratic Party. 
The Kurds are much safer right now.
The last majority-Anglo high school class in Texas graduated in 2014.
The last time Illinois raised the minimum wage in 2006, the very next year this state lost 50,000 jobs. The prediction this time is, we’ll lose 90,000 jobs.
The majority of women are minimum wage workers.
The media "never show crowds."
The media ... sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community.
The media was silent that "the Colorado school shooter is a transsexual, Trump-hating, Christian-hating, leftist freak."
The migration of Hondurans toward the United States "was funded by Democrat activists."
The missiles that were launched at American forces in Iraq from Iran, were funded by Barack Obama, with American tax dollars.
The Mitchell Park Domes "lose about $1 million-plus every year" and "the number of people going to the Domes has been going down."
The mortality rate for the flu is “right around” that of the new coronavirus: “It’s right around 2%.”
The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly) is the "DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women."
The murder rate in our country is the highest it’s been in 47 years.
The Nevada Gaming Commission did not find Trump ‘trustworthy’ enough for a gaming license.
The new Apple Watch Series 4 includes "the first ECG product offered over-the-counter directly to consumers."
The 'New York Times' writes this long story about Donald Trump’s tax returns but "didn't point out there was no wrongdoing" until paragraph 18.
The NSA and FBI tell Congress that Russia did not influence electoral process.
The number of individuals who actually got coverage through the exchange who didn't have coverage before, or who weren't eligible for Medicaid before is relatively small. So we've turned things upside down completely for 3 million, or 4 million, or 5 million individuals.
The Obama administration "borrowed more than $10 trillion, right? And yet, we picked up $5.2 trillion just in the stock market. ... Maybe in a sense we’re reducing debt."
The Obama administration "didn't do anything about” swine flu.
The Obama administration was begging for a meeting with Kim Jong Un.
The Obama administration’s 2013 Syria proposal "had no clear objective," while Trump’s Syria strike "had a clear strategic objective."
The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs.
The Odessa shooter "had a Beto sticker on his truck."
The only housing authority in the state that we have actually given money to is NYCHA.
The photonics bill that was sponsored in Congress and written, was written by Congressman Tom Reed, not Congresswoman Louise Slaughter.
The poverty rate for Wisconsin families has reached the lowest rate in 22 years.
The presence of gorillas calls into question the concept of evolution.
The president had to confess in writing, in court to illegally diverting charitable contributions that were supposed to go to veterans.
The president has been very clear. All forms of abuse, all forms of battery against women are deplorable and disgusting. ... He’s said that multiple times in the past.
The president in no way, form or fashion has ever promoted or encouraged violence.
"The president is cutting the CDC budget by 80%.
The previous administration under President Barack Obama really was the first time that we didn’t ask a citizenship-type question … for the first time in a century, a citizenship question was not included in 2010.
The push by Assembly Democrats seeking Americans with Disabilities Act accommodations for a lawmaker were timed to make Vos look bad as he became president "of the nation’s largest bipartisan organization called the National Conference of State Legislatures."
The Republican replacement for Obamacare does not give massive tax cuts to wealthy Americans.
The Republican tax bill is "not being scored by the Congressional Budget Office, as it is traditionally."
The Senate seat won in a special election by a Democrat had been "held for more than thirty years by Republicans."
The servers of the Pakistani gentleman that worked on the DNC are "missing."
The Southern strategy is a "myth" that "never happened."
The State Capitol Police "recommended" banning guns at the Capitol.
The state is set to recapture an additional $500 million in Robin Hood payments from taxpayers and not one penny of it will go to public education in Texas.
The states that have passed (campus carry laws) have seen enrollment drop significantly.
The steel industry is producing as much steel in the United States as it ever was. It’s just (that) it needs one-tenth of the workers that it used to.
The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them "largely have been debunked."
The Texas unemployment rate is now the lowest it’s been in 40 years &amp; Texas led the nation last month in new job creation.
The Travis County propositions will not raise your taxes! If you are 65 or older, your property taxes are frozen.
The Trump administration’s policy of separating families is "the same way Barack Obama did it."
The Trump family was disallowed from operating any charity in the State of New York because they stole from a kids cancer charity.
The Trump Winery near Charlottesville, Va. is the "largest winery on the East Coast."
The U.S. Geological Survey increased Yellowstone volcano eruption threat level to "high"
The U.S. spends "57 cents on the dollar on defense."
The Ukrainian government just indicted the Burisma gas company &amp; named Hunter Biden for accepting millions of dollars from a slush fund.
The United Kingdom is "our largest (trading) partner."
The United States Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit is "the most overturned court in the country."
The United States Department of Education has introduced an Islamic indoctrination program for the public schools, called ‘Access Islam.’ 
The vast majority of Wisconsin students cannot even read, write, or do math at grade level.
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin. allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across U.S. We are removing them fast!
The White House fully cooperated with the Special Counsel’s investigation.
The WHO coronavirus test “was a bad test.”
The widow and son of a deceased military veteran looked on in horror as Speaker Nancy Pelosi ripped up a copy of the State of the Union.
The wives of the 9/11 hijackers "knew exactly what was happening" and went back to Saudi Arabia two days before the attacks to watch their husbands on television flying the planes.
The word picnic is a "racially insensitive word."
There are "more gun deaths by far" in the United States than any other country in the world.
There are "paid protesters" involved in the Stephon Clark demonstrations.
There are ‘sore loser’ laws that would bar Luther Strange from pursuing a seat because he already lost the Alabama Republican Senate runoff to Roy Moore.
There are about 350,000 people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year.
There are billboards in Central America in the Northern Triangle countries advertising how to grab a kid to get into the United States illegally.
There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously.
There are so many data that demonstrate that poor people, surprisingly, are less likely to use drugs than people with means.
There are some counties in Texas where the first day of hunting, you have to shut down the schools because people are going to go hunting.
There aren't too many people outside protesting his speech at the Phoenix Convention Center.
There comes a point in the last year of the president, especially in their second term, where you stop nominating both Supreme Court justices and Court of Appeals judges.
There have been 44 plans submitted affecting 90 school districts. And the Scott administration has rejected all of them.
There have been more than 270 mass shootings in the United States in the last year alone. That’s where four or more are killed.
There is "no system to vet" refugees from the Middle East.
There is "substantial evidence of voter fraud."
There is a 34 percent increase in violent crime in the state of California. … And that’s just within the last year.
There is a group going to homes and pretending to be officials from home affairs. They have documents with the letterhead Department of Home Affairs and claim to be confirming that everyone has a valid ID for the upcoming census. They are robbing homes.
There is a precedent for not nominating someone to the U.S. Supreme Court "in the middle of a presidential election."
There is no legal basis for Donald Trump's "missile strike against Syrian military assets."
There is no reason for these massive, deadly and costly forest fires in California except that forest management is so poor.
There were no American flags at the first Democratic presidential debate.
There’s actually been more subpoenas issued by the (U.S. House) majority than bills passed.
There’s bipartisan consensus that (Matthew Whitaker’s) appointment violates the Appointments Clause of the Constitution.
There's been no conclusive or specific report to say Russia was trying to muddy the election.
There's one (study) that came out of Pew in 2008 that showed 14 percent of people who voted were noncitizens.
These are real ads running in New York City calling for the removal of ‘trash’ which includes white people, Trump supporters, and Christians.
They didn’t even put up a fight against SALT
They never thought ... that I was going to release that call and I really had no choice because Adam Schiff made up a call.
This decision is an unfortunate example of why those of us in Montpelier need to work together to make Vermont a more affordable place to do business and make sure our policies help businesses thrive rather than creating unique burdens and barriers to growth that make us less competitive with other states.
This is longest that the nation has gone without a secretary of the Treasury, at least in modern times. If it's not the longest, it's darn close to it.
This midterm (election), the president did better than the average president does in his first midterms.
This unit is the only one in the state that strives to implement the principles of Mother-Friendly care as outlined by the national Coalition for Improving Maternity Services Mother-Friendly Childbirth Initiative.
This year, a majority of states are seeing premiums and costs double under Obamacare.
This year’s state budget "continues to direct millions in taxpayer dollars in advertising to the failing Start-Up NY program"
Thomas Jefferson said, ‘Government that governs least governs best.’ 
Three naked women in photo are campaigning for the Democrats.
Tina (Smith) profited from the opioid crisis. ​
To be clear, I’m not talking about confiscating anybody’s guns.
Toomey and Trump will ban abortion and punish women who have them.
Top Democrats refuse to stand for Gold Star widow.
Trump votes for death penalty for being gay.
Trump: police officers and firefighters make too much money…hits them with tax penalty.
Trump’s Health Secretary Pick Wants a Medicare Phaseout by Summer 2017.
Trump’s tax plan is "completely focused on the wealthy and the powerful - not the middle class."
Trump’s tax reform plan was nothing more than a middle-class tax increase.
Twitter caught leaking Donald Trump’s private messages in undercover sting.
Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media! 
Two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. … It didn't get covered
Two-thirds of the people who use Medicaid are poor children, but two-thirds of the money is for long-term care for seniors, whether in a facility or at home.
U.N. official John Ashe set to testify against the Clintons may not have died by accident.
U.S. and Virginia murders are "usually gangbangers killing gangbangers." 
U.S. farmers are receiving $16 billion "out of the tariffs that we’ve gotten from China."
U.S. Steel just announced that they are building six new steel mills.
Ukraine blatantly interfered in our election.
Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America said it would "ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia."
Under Hillary Clinton, State Department "officials were sending official thank-yous to people who gave to the Clinton Foundation."
Under his leadership, Tallahassee reduced its carbon intensity by roughly 40 percent.
Under New York's new abortion law, "If the baby was born alive, they would just let the baby expire."
Under the GOP tax law, "if you live in Hinsdale, Illinois … you are now being double-taxed to the tune of $35,000."
Under the Iran nuclear deal, "we give them $150 billion, we get nothing."
Under the North American Free Trade Agreement, "we lost millions of jobs."
Under the previous administration it was … $100 to fill a car. American energy has delivered. Now it's $60. That’s $40 you have in your pocket … that you wouldn’t have.
Under those eight years before (Barack) Obama came along, we didn’t have any successful radical Islamic terrorist attack in the United States since Sept. 11, 2001.
Undocumented drivers "have protections that US citizens don’t receive under Green light bill."
Undocumented immigrants get Medicare for free.
United Nations caught helping and coaching caravan illegal aliens!
Untaxed corporate earnings used to be "$2.5 trillion … I guess it’s $5 trillion now. Whatever it is, it’s a lot more. So we have anywhere from 4 (trillion) to 5 or even more trillions of dollars sitting offshore."
USPS loses $1.46 each Amazon package it delivers.
Vanilla ice cream was black until 1912, when "white people couldn’t tolerate eating something that tasted soooooo delicious being black."
Vermont had to "scrap" its single-payer health insurance program because it was "going bankrupt."
Vice President Biden threatened a foreign country and forced them to fire a prosecutor who was investigating a company, that paid his son Hunter.
Video shows President Donald Trump saying COVID-19 is Democrats’ “new hoax.”
Virginia’s banning of felons from voting is a "Jim Crow-era law."
Wages "haven’t gone up for a long time."
Watch those GDP numbers. We started off at a very low number, and right now we hit a 3.2 (percent). Nobody thought that was possible.
We (Trump University) have an ‘A’ from the Better Business Bureau.
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18,959,495,168. Cost Friday was $603,331,392. There are at least 25,772,342 illegal aliens, not the 11,000,000 that have been reported for years, in our Country.
We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent.
We can fix our roads without raising taxes.
We could build 30 walls with the $150 billion Obama gave to Iran.
We enacted the biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history.
We essentially repealed Obamacare because we got rid of the individual mandate ... and that was a primary source of funding of Obamacare.
We give (foreign aid) to developing countries, and 70 percent of it's stolen off the top.
We got $6 billion for opioid and getting rid of that scourge that’s taking over our country. And the numbers are way down.
We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College.
We have 5 percent of world population. 80 percent of opioids.
We have become an energy exporter for the first time ever just recently.
We have been focusing so much, especially the Texas Department of Transportation, on that 97 percent of people in single-occupancy vehicles.
We have not spoken directly with the whistleblower.
We have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in North Carolina with the passage of HB2.
We have one senator who’s a ‘yes’ vote ... but he’s in the hospital. And he’s a ‘yes’ vote. So we can’t do it by Friday. So we have the votes to pass a health care bill. 
We have signed more legislation than anybody. We broke the record of Harry Truman.
We have ten different tax brackets and if you’re making $9,000, you’re already in the top tax bracket.
We have the most educated … workforce in the entire nation. 
We have trade agreements with 20 countries, and we have trade surpluses with each one of those 20.
We know dangerous criminals can slip through immigration at airports just like ours. Yet Joe Donnelly stood right here with the radical left against all efforts to secure our most vulnerable entry points.
We provided terrorists in Iraq more rights and due process in the Central Criminal Court of Iraq than House Democratic leadership has afforded President Donald Trump in the impeachment inquiry.
We stopped traffic coming through -- 78 percent.
We suspended the (Foxconn) work around October, November last year because the weather there was snowy and icy cold.
We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions, very importantly.
We won (Wisconsin in 2016) not so late in the evening — a little bit early in the evening, actually, which is even better.
We’re making (Medicare) stronger. We’re making Social Security stronger.
We’re the worst state in the country at moving people from welfare to work.
We’ve broken "by millions" the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election.
We’ve signed more bills -- and I’m talking about through the legislature -- than any president ever.
We're pretty much at the 50 percent mark on deportations of MS-13 gang members.
We're the highest developed nation taxed in the world.
We're the highest taxed nation in the world.
West Virginia has "more veterans per capita" than any state.
West Virginia spends more tax dollars on public education than all but 13 other states and the District of Columbia.
We've achieved a historic increase in defense spending to get our troops the support they so richly deserve.
We've already lost $500 million in economic impact from HB2 fallout in North Carolina.
We've done more tests in eight days than South Korea has done in eight weeks.
What Congress is considering would cut money that vulnerable patients rely on the most. That means seniors, children and Americans who rely on Medicaid would be hurt. … Tell Congress we can end surprise billing without shredding the safety net.
What the facts say is ... "the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad."
When asked if he’s defended former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine Marie Yovanovitch, "I've defended every single person on this team."
When I became president, President Obama had a separation policy. I didn’t have it. He had it.
When I say Mexico is going to pay for the wall, that's what I said. Mexico is going to pay. I didn't say they're going to write me a check for $20 billion or $10 billion.
When I was campaigning, I was talking about 18 and 20 years (when) wages effectively went down. Now, for the first time in a long time, they're starting to go up for people.
When it comes to how many of the 35 different federal welfare benefits each state can offer, "the average in the country is about 12 to 14. Why are we giving every one?"  
When Jesus was falsely accused of treason, Pontius Pilate gave Jesus the opportunity to face his accusers. During that sham trial, Pontius Pilate afforded more rights to Jesus than the Democrats have afforded this president in this process.
When Mitt Romney chose Paul Ryan as his vice-presidential running mate, "that was the end" of Romney’s chances to win.
When the price for oil goes up on the markets, it goes right up, but it never goes down.
When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go.
When Trump wanted to turn a taxpayer-owned building into an $800 a night hotel, (Congressman Jeff Denham, R-CA) helped broker the deal and bragged about it.
When Trump won, we had the lowest voter turnout in 20 years.
When two large whales do the nasty there’s sometimes this one bro who just sort of holds them up so they don’t float off.
When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding in favour of the war effort, he simply replied, ‘then what are we fighting for?’ 
When you look for a job, you can't find it and you give up. You are now considered statistically employed.
When you're white ... you don't know what it's like to be poor.
While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!
White man asked black friend to impregnate his wife to fight ‘white privilege.’
Wisconsin is "49th out of 50 states in infrastructure."
Wisconsin lost "almost 4,000 manufacturing jobs in 2017."
Wisconsin, many people may not be aware, actually has 15,000 freshwater lakes. … More than Minnesota.
Wisconsin’s "effective" unemployment rate is 20 percent.
Wisconsin’s middle class is the "most diminished" in the United States. 
With a late-term abortion, "the mother meets with the doctor. They take care of the baby, they wrap the baby beautifully. And then the doctor and the mother determine whether or not they will execute the baby."
Women in Virginia have been incarcerated at an increasingly high rate. It’s around (a) 300 percent increase in the past four or five years.
Workers have begun removing spires of Cinderella Castle at Magic Kingdom ahead of Hurricane Dorian.
Wow, highest Poll Numbers in the history of the Republican Party. That includes Honest Abe Lincoln and Ronald Reagan.
Wow, Report Just Out! Google manipulated from 2.6 million to 16 million votes for Hillary Clinton in 2016 Election!
Years of economic decay are over because Trump "reversed the failed economic policies of the previous administration."
Yesterday afternoon the Republicans in the General Assembly used the nuclear option to pass North Carolina's over $20 billion budget.
Yesterday Virginia announced the end of youth hunting!
Yesterday we had the strongest dollar in the history of our country.
You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if you're a white applicant than if you're black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials.
You can collude all you want with a foreign government in an election. There's no such statute (that makes collusion a crime).
You have to be a citizen to vote, but with same-day voter registration, "you have places where people just walk in and vote."
You know what Truman said, ‘You want a friend in Washington, buy a dog.’ 
You take Pulse nightclub. If you had one person in that room that could carry a gun and knew how to use it, it wouldn’t have happened, or certainly to the extent that it did.
You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Elections to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns.
Your chances of throwing it are actually a little bit better in that situation.
Your family will pay $2,500 "after Kara Eastman eliminates your tax cut."
Youth unemployment is through the roof.
Zero percent of kids in Cairo are college-ready.