 "California is 49th out of 50 in the United States in per capita housing units. Only Utah can lay claim to being lowest in per capita production."
 "Fox News barely covered (the Duggar family) scandal until Megyn Kelly was able to secure this interview."
 "Just about half of rural hospitals operate in the red in Virginia. They operate at a loss."
 "One out of every 30 people in the Greater Boston area is an illegal alien."
 "The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070."
 Only 42 percent of young Georgians have a college certificate or degree, but soon 60 percent of jobs will require some college credential.
 Says the "last non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in America concluded that #VoterID was necessary."
 The average (Wisconsin) residents tax burden is at its lowest level in nearly 50 years while incomes continue to grow.
$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times.
(Hillary Clinton's State Department) actually admonished one of her ambassadors because he wasnt using the proper server.
(M)ore Georgians have jobs than at any other time since October 2008.
(T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death.
@BernieSanders receives strong support from the conservative &amp; most rural part of Vermont.
[O]ver 200,000 ordinary citizens were given the opportunity to identify projects they preferred.
[When I was mayor] Providence was one of the five renaissance cities of America, according to USA Today in those days. Money magazine said it was the fifth best city to live in in America. In addition to that, All Cities Almanac said in 1994, I believe, that it was the safest city in America.
18 percent of our land in our state right now is either federally, state or county owned for conservation purposes.
2.1 million jobs have been created in the last six or seven years in California
29 states still dont have "comprehensive protections" for people in the LGBTQ community.
46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact in Japan.
47 - New provisions ObamaCare charges the IRS with implementing, according to the Government Accountability Office.
47 percent of Americans"cant pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money."
50% of Hispanic students count on Pell Grants to pay for college.
60 percent of all Americans do not want to see Planned Parenthood defunded.
60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs weve gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage.
70 percent of the income tax that the state collects happens to come from Westchester, Nassau, Suffolk and New York City
75 percent of the town boards in Wisconsin have no women on them at all.
90 percent of Americans "support universal background checks" for gun purchases.
90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes.
90,000 Californians are unsheltered and homeless.
91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college, but Marco Rubio opposes it.
98 percent of American families make "under $250,000 a year."
99.4% of businesses in Wisconsin are small businesses, and they employ "nearly half of our workforce."
A "study showed as many as one in four people have had a package stolen from their residence."
A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would "be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country."
A bill passed by GOP legislators "makes it harder to prosecute people and groups that violate campaign finance laws."
A bill to eliminate Delta Air Lines jet fuel tax breaks "violates federal law and puts the state at risk of losing critical funding from the Federal Aviation Administration."
A bipartisan background check amendment "outlawed any (gun) registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text."
A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown.
A far different picture from the prior eight years, which saw 115 increases in taxes and fees.
A lawyer demanded "several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons."
A majority of Americans agree with a ban on assault weapons. "And by the way, so did Ronald Reagan."
A majority of Americans now live in states where they have decided to legalize cannabis, including recreational and medicalmarijuana.
A man at "the storming of the U.S. embassy" in Iraq visited the White House in 2011.
A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone.
A million people  could get health insurance right away if Texas expanded Medicaid under Obamacare.
A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure.
A poll conducted in Egypt revealed that 80 percent of Egyptians oppose receiving foreign aid from the United States.
A private company building a natural gas pipeline into Florida "is being forced to spend months under the review of six federal agencies."
A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are "being apprehended at the border."
A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day, especially our older veterans.
A tax on soda and juice drinks would disproportionately increase taxes on low-income families in Philadelphia.
A Texas police department bought an ad telling drug dealers, "We can take your competition off the streets for FREE."
A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful.
A white family is likely to have about six times as much wealth than a black or Hispanic family coming out of the recession.
About 80 percent of (the manufacturing and agriculture) tax credit goes to claimants who are making $1 million or more.
About 95 percent of Americas production of ethylene is produced on the Gulf Coast in Texas and Louisiana.
About New York state: "We have the highest debt per capita."
About three-quarters of (Syrian refugees) are women and children. A full third of them are kids under 12 years old.
Abraham Lincoln "visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber."
Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee.
According to "independent experts," Donald Trump's tax plan "would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy."
According to a recent poll, "there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents' (health insurance) plans than young Democrats."
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms.
Adjusting for inflation, West Virginias median household income has not grown in a decade.
Afghanistan has more hectares (of opium poppies) planted today than they had before we started this war.
African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids.
African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do.
After a decade of decline, this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years.
After my first year as governor, I was one of the most unpopular governors, maybe the most unpopular governor in the country. ... It changed.
After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three.
After the minimum wage for tipped workers was raised in Maine, the state "reversed that decision due to restaurant employees organizing en masse against the measure."
After the shootings of Dallas policemen, "nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days."
After today, @GovJayNixon will have been overridden more times than all previous governors in #MO history #moleg
After World War II, we tried, convicted, and, in some cases, executed Japanese soldiers for war crimes that included charges of waterboarding.
Agriculture "is the strongest industry in Ohio."
Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is "declaring as a matter of fact that ...Michael Brown didn't use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer."
All of our taxpayers are paying roughly 22% of the U.N. budget.
All the ponds in Missouri for which we have data are causing groundwater contamination.  This is a statewide issue.
All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport.
Almost every state has offered an insurance plan on its health exchange that does not cover abortion.
Almost half a million people are still eligible (for DACA), particularly in the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community.
Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized.
America has more governors whove worn blackface than black governors.
America is No. 1one in oil and gas. 
America produces more oil and gas than any other nation in the world.
Americans "say that what they want is a choice" to join a single-payer system like Medicare rather than ending private insurance.
Americans spend "6.1 billion hours a year" on tax preparation.
Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code.
Among Milwaukee Public Schools students, "86 percent are behind in reading and 80 percent are behind in math."
Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world.
An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views.
An audit shows "there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,"
An effort to repeal voting-reform legislation would be "the first time in Ohio history where a bill has been passed to stop a referendum."
Annual precipitation "has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century."
Anyone can die of a toothache.
Apple and Amazon already operate in many states that require levels of voter ID.
Approximately 43 percent of all college grades today are A's, an increase of 28 percentage points since 1960.
As a former federal prosecutor, I prosecuted over 4,000 cases.
As attorney general, I have prosecuted judges, district attorneys and other public officials across Texas who violated that (public) trust, who have been corrupted.
As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by "millions of dollars every year" and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010.
As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood.
As governor, Ted Strickland left only 89 cents in Ohios rainy day fund.
As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney used a line-item veto to cut "millions of dollars for firefighting equipment," including firefighters' "coats, pants, helmets and boots."
At Bain Capital, "we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised."
At General Motors, CEO Mary Barra "took home almost 22 MILLION DOLLARS last year alone (295x your company's average employee)."
At present spending levels, only citizens of New York have a greater local debt burden than Texans.
At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving "at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income" students, the reading proficiency is 8%.
At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugals.
Austin is "a city that has basically doubled in size every 25 years or so since it was founded."
Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents.
Barack Obama is "only the second Democrat in the last 75 years to win Ohio twice with more than 50 percent of the vote."
Before "our last three presidents, you have to go back to the 1800s, early 1800s to find three presidents in a row being consecutively re-elected."
Before 2005, "the percentage of" Texas high school "students meeting the college readiness standards of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board stood at 28% in English and 42% in math. Those figures stood at 65% and 66% in 2013."
Before April 22, "we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms."
Before I was governor, tuition was skyrocketing and we stopped that. We capped and then we froze college tuition.
Before I was state treasurer, my Rhode Island business helped create over 1,000 jobs.
Before the Republican wave in 2010, Democrats had an advantage on the generic ballot in Congress. Even in 1994 with the Gingrich revolution ... Democrats had that advantage.
Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, "the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya."
Before World War II, very few people actually had health insurance.
Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member.
Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the states population grew.
Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent.
Big pharmaceuticals pay off  they literally pay off  generics to keep the prices and the competition off the market.
Big soda has a lot of money.They make a lot of profit off their product and they market in neighborhoods that suffer from these very things that were trying to cure.
Black and Latino people in NYC are arrested at TEN times the rate of white people for virtually the same rate of marijuana usage.
Black lung cases are at a 25-year high.
Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws.
Bob Barr has changed his position on the Defense of Marriage Act over the years.
Boston is just 60 minutes away and its offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline "is completely dominated by the cranes."
Both the Democratic and Republican candidates for president in 2016 are "quite unpopular."
Brazil built a $300 million stadium in the Amazon rainforest that "is only going to be used for four World Cup games," and theres no team "that can fill it afterwards."
Brewpubs can't sell growlers of their beer to customers.
Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would "take us into a recession and kill jobs."
Building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border "will take literally years."
Buono voted 154 times to raise our taxes -- like the sales tax, the income tax, health care taxes, even small business taxes.
By 2009, "dozens of senior terrorists had been taken off the battlefield" by drones.
By funding the authorization thats already happened a decade ago (in the Secure Fence Act of 2006), we could start the process of meeting Mr. Trumps campaign pledge to secure the border.
By the end of this budget I'm in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state.
By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family.
California firefighters decided "to speak out" against President Trump because his tweet about the states wildfires "contained so much misinformation."
California has "the highest poverty rate in the nation" when considering the U.S. Census Bureaus Supplemental Poverty Measure.
California has "the largest death row in the Western Hemisphere, the largest death row in the United States of America  two times the size of the next largest state: Florida."
California is home to the largest death row populationin the Western Hemisphere.
Californias prisons budgetin 1970 "was about 3 percent of the general fund. Now, its 8.9 percent, about $12 billion."
Cantor's campaign spent more at steakhouses than Brat spent on his entire campaign.
Caution: Kissing and cuddling chickens can be hazardous to your health.
Child care costs "in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition."
China account(s) for 90 percent of North Korean trade.
China is "practicing how to blow up our satellites."
Cigarette butts "poison babies and small children because of the nicotine in them."
Claims Ohio Gov. John Kasich says climate change is a problem.
Close to half of the children in California are "at or near poverty," when you consider cost-of-living.
Closing the tobacco loophole would save Missouri taxpayers $50,000,000
Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free.
Collectively states are spending more on Medicaid than they do on K-12 education.
Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year.
Congress "is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus" but in 2008 and 2012 "explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure."
Congress as a whole is less popular than its been since polling was invented.
Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.
Connecticut has the fifth toughest gun control laws in the country, including an assault weapons ban that bans 35 different weapons.
Connecticut's take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the state's take on table games: zero.
Contrary to popular belief, we actually dont have that many public employeesWe are well below average in the number of public employees.
Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4
Crime in Atlanta is down 18 percent since 2009.
Currently, 23 percent of our military's infrastructure is graded as 'poor' while 9 percent is 'failing.'
Currently, the intelligence community "can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism."
Cuyahoga County "passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so."
Dan Patrick was the only state senator "who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses."
Dark money spending in the 2016 election cycle "is 10 times what it was at the same point in the 2012 election cycle," when it topped $308 million.
David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence and child abuse.
Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island.
Democrats have "lost more than 900 state legislators" since Barack Obama has been president.
Democrats mistakenly tweet 2014 pictures from Obamas term showing children from the Border in steel cages.
Department of Veterans Affairs doctors "are prohibited from recommending medical marijuana."
Despite having their budget increased by over 40 percent since 2009  pending claims for benefits with the (Department of Veterans Affairs) have increased from 391,000 to 890,000 under the Obama Administration.
Despite what Donald Trump claims, "there werent 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix" to see Trump speak.
Did U know? Block Island Wind Farm would mean 40% est. drop in BI electric rates.
Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?
Did you know US population growth is at its lowest since the Great Depression?
Distracted driving such as texting behind the wheel is behind a rise in traffic deaths on Georgia roadways this year.
Do you know that New York State pays out way more than they ever get back?
Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if they've been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?
Donald Trump is "against marriage equality. He wants to go back."
Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet.
Due to the recent downturn in steel production, more than 13,600 Americans have been laid off and the steel industry is facing billions in losses.
During his campaign for president, Donald Trump "committed to honoring states' rights when it comes to marijuana legalization."
During his tenure as mayor of New York City, street homelessness decreased by 28 percent.
During Lyndon B. Johnsons first 20 years in Congress, "he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote."
During my eight years as county executive, we cut the number of county workers by 20 percent.
During the Bush administration, you actually had a prominent liberal write a book about how Bush was preparing for a fascist takeover of this country.
During the Civil War, more than 300,000 Ohioans served in the Union Army -- more per capita than any other state.
During the past four years, "average wages have barely budged."
During three and a half years of campaigning, Lamar Smith "has never once appeared at a moderated debate to defend his positions on the issues."
Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate.
Eighty-three law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year. Twenty-four of them were shot and killed in cold blood.
Electric car sales in Georgia have dropped dramatically since a $5,000 tax credit was eliminated and a $200 annual registration fee was imposed July 1.
Even "though men comprise 49% of the population, they hold 80% of the lawmaking power in the Legislature (144 of 181 seats)."
Even after Obamacare is fully implemented, there still will be tens of millions of people not covered.
Even hunters are restricted from using large capacity magazines: there is a five cartridge limit for large game hunting, and three for bird hunting.
Even if you took literally every single ounce of platinum in the world, it still wouldnt add up to enough needed to pay down our nations debt.
Even our attorney general who is a strong Democrat, she has said that we need causation in our workers comp system. Thats the No. 1 thing pushing our manufacturing jobs out of Illinois.
Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar.
Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent.
Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average.
Federal law adopted "under Tommy Thompson's watch" prohibits the government from negotiating for "better prices" on prescription drugs for senior citizens
Federal officials declared that grant funds "could be used only for Milwaukee's streetcar project," meaning it "isnt possible" to redirect the money to "other modes of public transportation or to our public schools."
Federal regulations required the changes to Georgia's drivers license renewal process.
Felony crimes in the city of Atlanta are the lowest they have been since 1969.
FIFA "pressured Brazil into passing a so-called Budweiser bill, allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums."
Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
Financial conflict-of-interest "laws don't apply to the president, right? So, the president doesn't have to have a blind trust."
Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year.
Fleeing Syria, "a million children are now refugees."
Florida "unemployment has dropped more than 2 percentage points, down from 12 percent to 9.9 percent, the second-largest drop in the nation."
Florida is "the 45th in state education funding."
Florida is "the largest dog-racing state in the country."
Florida is now the only state in the nation to tax commercial leases.
Florida ranks 45th in the nation for tuition.
Floridas coastal and stormwater infrastructure are "two of the most critical areas during a storm, and received D-plus and D ratings, respectively, by the American Society of Civil Engineers in 2016."
Floridas red flag gun law has been used "about five times a day."
Food Stamp participation hits 10 year low.
For 22 percent of N.H. Meals on Wheels recipients, the delivery driver is "the only human contact in their life from week to week."
For Cabinet posts, "I have the best voting record against Trump nominees of anyone else running for president"
For decades, the states gas tax has been among the highest in the nation.
For every extra year a girl goes to school, her income goes up 12 percent.
For only the second time since 2000, there are more job openings than Americans who are unemployed.
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting.
For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world.
For the first time in over 40 years, Republicansdont hold a single statewide office in Virginia.
For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row.
Foreign aid "is less than 1 percent of our federal budget."
Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions.
Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires.
Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax.
Forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.
Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
Fourteen million Americans' mortgages are greater than the value of their homes.
Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting traditional marriage and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple.
From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent.
From the moment we passed that signature legislation, Mike (Bloomberg) called it a disgrace.
General Flynn got his clearance from the Obama administration.
Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
Georgia has recovered more than $60 million that was lost to Medicaid fraud
Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines.
Georgia is one of three states that "effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators."
Georgia ranks 49th for women serving in elected state and federal offices.
Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men.
Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country.
GEORGIA ROADWAY FATALITIES THIS YEAR: 59 PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY
Georgias CRCT "set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation."
Georgias share of money from the Federal Highway Trust Fund declined 12 percent between 2008 and 2013.
Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates.
Gov. Romney was very clear, he would veto the DREAM Act.
Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me.
Graduation rates in Buffalos school district, which were "around 48 percent are now up to 64 percent" since Say Yes Buffalo launched.
Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals in 2014.
Greece is not a big economy. It's about the size of metropolitan Miami.
Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administrations projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy.
Guantanamo has "never been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propaganda."
Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined.
Half of the American women who are murdered are killed by their intimate partners.
Half the kids coming out of college this year  can't find a job, or a job that's consistent with a college degree.
Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it.
He even supports putting a female inmate in shackles during childbirth.
Here are the facts: there is no massive wave of migrants pouring into California. Overall immigrant apprehensions on the border last year were as low as theyve been in nearly 50 years (and 85 percent of the apprehensions occurred outside of California).
Here in Wisconsin, we've put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years.
Heroin .. pours across our southern borders.
Heroin comes in the United States "from the southern border."
Hillary Clinton in 2005 co-sponsored legislation that would jail flag burners.
Hillary Clintons State Department sent three comedians to India on the Make Chai, Not War tour.
House Bill 6627 also requires the applicant to attest to their eligibility to vote, as is required by the National Voter Registration Act and used by all other states that have (automatic voter registration).
House Bill 991 "could lead to the opening of as many as 2,000 new liquor stores."
Household income among Hispanic Americans has just set a new record high.
How many federal rulings have NOW found intentional discrimination by #Txlege since 2011? 6.
I actually in 2005 ran on Medicare for all.
I am now the No. 2 member of this House in terms of length of service.
I am the only candidate that has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President. In PA, I've got Bernie's back.
I am the only member of Congress that voted for both inquiries -- the Clinton inquiry and now the Trump inquiry.
I am the only senator who turned down the state pension plan for part-time legislators.
I belong to the AFL-CIO.
I did not support the sequester.
I dont take a dime of PAC money.
I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York.
I have more military experience than anybody whos arrived behind that desk since George H.W. Bush.
I have never once raised the county tax levy -- not for seven straight years.
I have returned money every year since taking office.
I helped win one of the biggest private lawsuits against Medicare fraud in history. The government declined to pursue the case, so my firm did, and we recovered $324 million for taxpayers.
I personally am pro-choice. I always have been. And I made no qualms about that when I was elected governor.
I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor.
I think I received more votes in the Democratic primary than any governor in history.
I think what the authors of the (25th) Amendment principally had in mind was some kind of physical incapacitation or serious mental illness or a breakdown, an inability to function in office.
I wake up every morning in a house (the White House) that was built by slaves.
I was the first member of Congress to contribute to Donald Trump.
I was the only member of the Senate  Republican or Democrat  who has consistently voted against efforts to use the so called nuclear option to change the rules of the Senate.
I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years.
If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is "going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet."
If sea levels rise six feet due to climate change, Waterplace Park in Providence and Wickford village would be swamped
If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person.
If the government shuts down, "all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available."
If we make no changes over the next 10 years, Americans will reach into their pockets and pay out about $11 trillion on insurance premiums, copays, deductibles and uncovered medical expenses.
If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because you've engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks.
If you are a gun store owner and you decide to go out of business  you right now are allowed to convert your entire gun store inventory to personal use and once it is a personal use weapon, you can sell it without background checks.
If you are a member of union, your median weekly income is roughly $200 more than if you are a nonunion member, and that doesnt include benefits.
If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that there's something called the Geneva Convention we're going to have to pull out of.
If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, "75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon."
If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done.
If you go back, you can see Wayne LaPierre, who runs the NRA, testifying in front of Congress in favor of background checks 15 or 20 years ago.
If you look at most of the polls, this is a margin-of-error race on Fourth of July between Mitt Romney and the president.
If you look at the number of illegal immigrants coming into the country, it is net zero. It's been that way now for almost two years.
If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you cant find enough trucks to flee the Golden State.
If you want to vote in Texas, "you can use a concealed-weapon permit as a valid form of identification, but a valid student ID isnt good enough."
If you're a black woman, you're 320% more likely to die from complications in childbirth.
If you're a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if you're from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries then you can stay in the United States.
If you're earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax.
Ill be the only economist in the (U.S.) House.
Illegal immigrationon the U.S.-Mexico border is "the lowest in 17 years."
Illinois suffered 1,652 overdose deaths in 2014 ... of which 40 percent were associated with heroin. Illinois is ranked number one in the nation for a decline in treatment capacity between 2007 and 2012, and is now ranked the third worst in the country for state-funded treatment capacity.
Im one of the first guys to introduce a climate change bill, way, way back in 87.
I'm the only candidate who has not accepted money from Carl Paladino nor LPCiminelli; two of the biggest developers in the city of Buffalo.
I'm the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time there's a death of someone in police custody.
Im the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200.
In 1988, in response to Irans attack on the U.S.S. Samuel Roberts, President Ronald Reagan "destroyed half of Irans Navy."
In 2006, Charlie Crist opposed in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
In 2008, "33.2 percent of those who voted early on the last Sunday before Election Day were African-American, while 23.6 percent were Hispanic."
In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare.
In 2008, Charlie Crist "applauded the pick of Sarah Palin and said she would do a great job."
In 2008, then-Sen. Barack Obama "missed 60 or 70 percent of his votes." In 2004, John Kerry missed "close to 60 to 70 percent" and Bob Graham missed "over 30 percent of his votes."
In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey.
In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law.
In 2010, uninsured voters made up "about 5 percent of the electorate."
In 2011 alone, 269 New Jerseyans were killed by gun violence.
In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, "hands or feet" or "clubs and hammers" than with any type of rifle.
In 2017, ICE "arrested more than 127,000 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions or facing charges of breaking our nation's laws," and removed nearly 5,000 gang members.
In 2017, we had more marijuana possession arrests in our country than all other violent crimes combined.
In 2017, West Virginias $43,469 median household income was $16,867 below the national average, ranking 50th.
In 2018, when he ran for senator, "young voter turnout in early voting was up 500%. We won more votes than any Democrat has in the history of the state of Texas."
In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day.
In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate.
In Austin, Texas, the average homeowner is paying about $1,300 to $1,400 just for recapture, meaning funds spent in non-Austin school districts.
In Chicago, they've had thousands of shootings, thousands since Jan. 1. Thousands of shootings.
In Congress right now, we're doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature, but its still only "19 percent."
In Cuyahoga County ... 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population.
In December of 2017, the Prince William board of supervisors had a meeting ... (Corey Stewart) skipped that meeting to go campaign in Alabama for Roy Moore to be a U.S. senator  You haven't disavowed Roy Moore's name yet.
In every state, women are paid less than men.
In fact 7 out of 10 new jobs in America are created by small businesses.
In fact, high Crimes and Misdemeanors is not defined in the Constitution and does not require corresponding statutory charges. The context implies conduct that violates the public trustand that view is echoed by the Framers of the Constitution and early American scholars.
In fact, theres more state funding for education today than any other time.
In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan.
In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth.
In Georgia, "25 percent of rural residents" are "without access to high speed internet."
In Georgia, Perdues company closed plants and moved jobs to China.
In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city.
In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we "should talk to Iran."
In Malaysia  many of the workers are indentured servants because their passports are taken away when they come into this country and are working in slave-like conditions.
In Massachusetts, "half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients."
In my own state of Vermont, from the very first days of our state's history, what our Constitution says is that everybody can vote. That is true. So people in jail can vote.
In New Orleans, nearly100 percent of our kids are in charter schools.
In New York state, "you cannot charge an older person even one dollar more than a younger person" for health insurance.
In New York State, Democrats blocked a Bill expanding College Tuition for Gold Star families after approving aid for illegal immigrants.
In New York, "Average college debt - $30,000 per student."
In nine Democratic debates, "We've not had one question about a woman's right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care, not one question."
In one day of fundraising I received more small donor (contributions) than Andrew Cuomo received in seven years.
In Oregon, students are skipping math class to learn about the Bible.
In President Barack Obamas 2015 State of the Union address, "the words al-Qaida were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001."
In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either don't have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and they're still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on.
In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year.
In some cases, asex offender "who appears on the New York State Sex Offender Registry" would be able to drive for Uber or Lyft when ride-hailing is allowed upstate in July
In South Florida, "we've had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s."
In the 2000 Florida election, at least 1,100 eligible voters were wrongly dropped from voting rolls in an attempt to purge a list of felons. Many of those who were dropped showed up to vote and were told they could not.
In the last 10 years, Georgias middle class income has dropped $6,500.
In the last 15 years, we've witnessed a dramatic expansion in the jailing of immigrants, from about 70,000 people detained annually to about 400,000.
In the mid 1990s, in our state, (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida, who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds.
In the past decade in New York State "more than 30 current and former state officeholders have been convicted, sanctioned or accused of wrongdoing  more than any other state."
In the past three years, "we've added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some."
In the past three years, state legislatures have "enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined."
In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined.
In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country.
In the U.S., "African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites" on marijuana charges.
In total, we have added nearly 75,000 private sector jobs in New Jersey since we took office in January 2010.
In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms.
In Virginia, "Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years."
In West Virginia, "personal income tax collections (were) up 14% from 2017."
Individuals with mental illnesses die an average of 25 years earlier than those without a mental illness.
Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status "has no effect" on the contracts or the citys diversity goals.
Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen.
Iran President Hassan "Rouhani has more Cabinet members with Ph.D.s from American universities" than members of Barack Obamas Cabinet.
It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open.
It costs $10,000 a year to keep a child in school; it costs $30,000 a year to keep someone in prison.
It costs us about $33,000 a year (on average nationally) to lock somebody up. In California it costs about $75,000 a year.
It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so.
It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity.
It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay.
It is rare that a retirement grade determination is conducted for an officer previously retired from the U.S. armed forces.
Its against the law in Texas to let any loaded gun get in the hands of a child.
It's been 17 years that we've had unemployment higher than the national average in Oregon.
It's been nearly three weeks since the president has commented on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
Its now constitutional to ban [assault weapons] in Illinois. Yet, the Illinois General Assembly has failed to allow other cities to have that opportunity.
Ive given the religious schools in my budget more money than ever before in history.
Ive got a 94 percent career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has "a 92 percent voting record."
Jackie Evanchos album sales have skyrocketed after announcing her inauguration performance.
January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded.
Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deals budgets but accuses the governor of "underfunding education."
Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case.
Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made.
Just days ago, Iran's Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a 'rabid dog' and accusing the United States of war crimes.
Just last year, over 5,000 refugees came to New York state, and 94 percent settled outside of New York City.
Just the last three weeks, on average about 23,000 women, children, men are coming over across the border illegally as family units or as unaccompanied children.
Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before 'The Wizard of Oz' hit the movie theaters.
Last week's three most-viewed television programs wereSunday Night Football, Thursday Night Football and Monday Night Football.
Last year, "we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years."
Last year, 36 million Americans didnt have a prescription filled because they couldnt affordit.
Last year, we had zero percent growth in GDP in Virginia ...The only states that did worse than us were Alaska and Mississippi.
Latinos are 17 percent of our country's population but hold only 2 percent of its wealth.
Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities.
Leah Vukmir OPPOSES Buy American legislation.
Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription.
Lets start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states.
Lets talk about the facts and where we are today. There are still nearly 2,600 children who are separated from their parentsdue to the Trump administrations zero-tolerance policy.
Liberty University students "were mandated" to attend Sen. Ted Cruzs presidential announcement "or they would be fined."
Like every budget passed by the Senate since I have been lieutenant governor, Senate Bill 1 is within the spending limit set by the Texas Constitution.
Like Marco Rubio, Sen. Barack Obama had "one of the worst attendance records in the Senate."
Look at the men on this stage. Collectively, they have lost 10 elections. The only people on this stage who have won every single election that theyve been in are the women, Amy and me.
Macy's sent a letter to Rick Perry urging him to veto equal pay bill.
Many dont know that Bill Young was once the minority leader in the Florida Senate...because he was the only Republican senator.
Many of the countries in question (in Trumps travel ban) don't even have a U.S. embassy there to help us vet.
Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them.
Many state and federal agencies have such navigators involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance.
Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, hewent on to say he doesn't trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes.
Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge.
Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco.
Mark Harris has said he would abolish the Department of Education.
Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he "votes about 66 percent with his own party."
Matt Rosendale supports plans that dont have to cover (pre-existing conditions).
Mayor Bloomberg helped lower the number of uninsured by 40 percent, covering 700,000 more New Yorkers
Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide.
Medicare costs have slowed down dramatically. In fact, the first two months of this fiscal year, Medicare costs were down even in nominal terms relative to the previous year.
Members of the military dont "contribute toward their pension."
Mental health provisions related to mass shootings "got over 90 votes in the Senate."
Mercedes said high taxes and the cost of doing business in New Jersey worked to Georgias advantage in landing the company's USA corporate headquarters.
Meth production in MO has cratered over last decade. MO Hwy Patrol reported 1,326 meth lab seizures in 2006, only 50 in 2018.
Middle-class income rose to a record level in 2017 as the strong economy lifted the fortunes of more Americans.
Migrant mother and crying girl on Time cover never separated.
Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill.
Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch.
Millionaires are eligible for food stamps, but "Donald Trump came along and decided to put a stop to it."
Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. advised citizens to "point that barrel center mass and pull the trigger" because "911 is not our best option."
Minneapolis "city government preemptively informed the Target Center that it would be responsible for $530,000 in security and other costs" related to a Trump rally, "more than 26 times the estimated security costs for a 2009 Target Center health care rally held by President Barack Obama."
Missouri "had the largest amount of millennial Democrats running than any other state in the country."
Missouri is actually the only state that has been forced to borrow money from the federal government to pay for unemployment benefits during each of the last five economic downturns.
Missouri ranks 45th in the nation in per capita state fiscal support for higher education and Missouri State is last among Missouri schools.
Mitt Romney "gave away his father's inheritance."
Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts.
Mitt Romney says class sizes dont matter.
More Americans are uninsured today than when (President Donald) Trump took office.
More Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all the wars in American history.
More black babies are aborted in NYC than born.
More college graduates are living at home than in decades.
More people are apprehended after illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border a week "than are born in Texas each week."
More people are struck by lightning than commit in-person voter fraud by impersonation.
More people now die in Wisconsin from drug overdoses than car crashes.
More than 20 million people are at risk of dying from starvation within 6 months in 4 nations.
More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid.
More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women.
More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks.
More than 80% of Republicans think we ought to at least be doing universal background checks.
More than a million Californians do not have "clean water to bathe in or drink."
More than half of death row prisoners are people of color.
More than half of Planned Parenthood facilities are in rural or medically underserved areas.
More than half of women under 30 who give birth do so outside of marriage...
More than once, I've actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance.
More than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners.
More women are graduating from college now than men.
More women were killed by their husbands or boyfriends since Sept. 11 than "all the Americans who were killed by 9/11 or in Afghanistan and Iraq."
Most Americans are ready to put it [marijuana prohibition] behind us and move on.
Most Americans support the legalization of marijuana.
Most of Kathy Mannings donors are from out-of-state.
Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today
Most research shows that (UW salaries) are a little behind, and (in) some areas we're behind more than others.
Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012.
Most U.S. foreign assistance ... is given to U.S. companies and nonprofits in the form of contracts and grants.
Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
My office sends federal "money back every year."
My opponent is endorsed by Citizens United.
My property taxes went down largely because my technical college portion went down 35.5% because of the money we put in at state.
My Treasury team eliminated a 900-case backlog in the Crime Victim Compensation Program.
My wife is going to be the first Hispanic first lady in the history of Texas.
National polls have never predicted who will be president from our party. Carter was in the single digits a few months before caucuses. Bill Clinton was. Obama  20 points behind in the national polls roughly.
Nearly 2/3 of rural Missourians dont have access to broadband. That needs to change.
Nearly 20% of our residents are born abroad.
Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity.
Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S.
Nearly 65 percent -- almost two-thirds -- of all new permanent residents obtained that status by virtue of their family status.
New Glarus Brewing Co.s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
New Jersey has "the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average."
New York consistently ranks as one of the worst voting turnout states in the nation.
New York has "among the highest tax burdens of any state in the nation"
New York has passed "the best paid family leave" program in the United States of America.
New York has the third lowest rate of gun-caused death in America.
New York state subsidizes private colleges "probably more than any other state except maybe one."
Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College.
Nine million people have lower-cost HIV/AIDS medicine because of the work of the Clinton Foundation and my husband.
Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales.
Ninety percent of people born in the 1940s ended up doing better financially than their parents. But those born in the 1980s, the much-maligned Millennials, have only a 50-50 chance of doing better (financially) than their parents, despite being the best-educated generation in our history.
Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses.
Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time.
Ninety-seven percent of Americans do not receive subsidies for health care under the Affordable Care Act.
Ninety-seven percent of the time. Thats how often Mark Warner votes with President Obama.
No city in the state can quarantine itself without state approval.
No court has held (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) unconstitutional.
No openly gay man has ever been elected to the Georgia Legislature.
North Carolina has "one of the fastest growing populations as well as the fastest growing economy in the country."
North Korea has a "substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world."
North Koreas missiles are "not going to have a capability to reach the United States anytime real soon."
Northern Virginia is the most "heavily trafficked place in the country."
Not a single Democrat opposed Neil Gorsuch's confirmation in 2006.
Nothing in the Constitution explicitly guarantees our right to vote.
Obama "said (the individual mandate) wasn't a tax."
Obama promised to cut the deficit by half by the end of his first term but he "hasn't even come close."
Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, "three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island."
Of the 13 (Bill) Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years his wife was not secretary of state.
Of the 25 wealthiest nations, we're the only one that doesn't provide basic health coverage.
Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount.
Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states.
Ohio's (payday lending) laws are now the worst in the nation. Things have gotten so bad that it is legal to charge 594 percent interest on loans.
On average, one person dies by suicide every 22 hours in West Virginia.
On extreme-risk guns laws, "This idea has passed Republican legislatures in other states and has been signed by Republican governors."
On Oct. 7, the Access Hollywood tape comes out. One hour later, WikiLeaks starts dropping my emails.
On spending growth under Gov. Andrew Cuomo: "Despite the fact that you continue to suggest that youve been able to hold the two percent, you havent."
On the main GOP presidential debate:"Not one candidate on the debate stage has military experience  "
Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion in tax relief.
One in 10 babies born in this country is born in Texas.
One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government.
One out of 10 minimum-wage workers in the U.S. live in Texas.
One out of five of our children live in a family thats on food stamps.
One Texas school "district alone -- Austin ISD -- is expected to lose more than $530 million in local property taxes to Robin Hood this year."
One unnamed donor gave $17 million to the Leo-affiliated Judicial Crisis Network to block the nomination of Judge Merrick Garland and to support Gorsuch; then a donor  perhaps the same one  gave another $17 million to prop up Kavanaugh.
One would have to go back more than a century to find a scenario where a presidents nominee for the Supreme Court was confirmed by the opposition party in the Senate when the vacancy occurred during an election year.
One-third of the counties  think of it, one-third  only have one insurer left on the Affordable Care Act exchanges.
Only "18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city."
Only 20 colleges and universities "have athletic departments with revenue exceeding expenses."
Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 don't believe that climate change is really happening.
Only five states, including Georgia, do not have a hate crimes law.
Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved.
Opponent Glenn Hegar expressed pride in legislated cuts to public school funding.
Oregon schools receive millions of dollars per year in federal school lunch assistance and yet they are required to spend that money almost anywhere but Oregon.
Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law.
Our economy actually shrank during the last three months of 2012.
Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening).
Our pension system is the only one in the country thats 100 percent funded.
Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976.
Our rainy day fund has gone from 89 cents to $240 million.
Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago.
Our small staff of 51 is still fewer than we had a decade ago, yet our caseload -- like that of other courts -- has grown.
Our state has fewer science, technology, engineering and math graduates than any neighboring state.
Our tax code has nearly doubled since 1985.
Our trade deficit in goods reached nearly  $800 billion last year alone.
Over 30 states passed the legislation to ban powdered alcohol, and Missouri is not one of them
Over 40 percent of children born in America are born out of wedlock.
Over 50% of the people now in the House and state Senate have not been born in Virginia.
Over the last 10 years, Texas created 33 percent of the net new jobs nationwide.
Over the last eight years, weve shown that even though weve cut taxes by $8 billion, revenues continue to grow.
Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met.
Over the last six years, the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants.
Over the past five years the federal government has paid out $601 million in retirement and disability benefits to deceased former federal employees.
Over the past five years, the American automobile industry has "created about 500,000 new jobs."
Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent.
Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth.
Owen in MA vs. Owen in RI  Advantage:Rhode Island.
Pasco County schools have graduation rates "substantially higher than the state average" and dropout rates "below the state average."
Pat Toomey advocated for eliminating all corporate taxes.
People have actually broken down the transcripts for oral arguments and (Antonin Scalia) told more jokes and got more laughs than any of the other justices.
Photo ID is not required for those who vote by mail.
Planned Parenthood is the biggest abortion provider in the country.
Polling shows that nearly 74 percent of National Rifle Association members "support requiring background checks for all gun sales."
Polls show that Americans "overwhelmingly" support "expanding background checks."
Polls show"Hillary Clinton wins every time with Donald Trump" as her opponent.
President Barack Obama "had the legal authority" to strike Syria without a vote from Congress.
President Obama became the first president since Carter to leave the White House with a smaller federal prison population than when he took office.
President Obama budget request for veterans is"more than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third."
President Trump has sent 14,000 American troops to the (Middle East) region since May. So he can't tell his political rallies that he's getting troops out of endless wars when he's sending 14 times the amount back into the region.
Probably less than 4 percent of Wisconsin residents "are enjoying the subsidies" from Obamacare.
Proposed NClaw for body camera footage gives police "broad authority to keep video footage secret  even from individuals who are filmed."
Public display of a long rifle is perfectly legal in Texas.
Rand Pauls speech ... on 'Gattaca' was totally ripped off of Wikipedia.
Real wages "went up last year 1.1%."
Reauthorizing the Childrens Health Insurance Program "for six years saves $1 billion" and doing it for 10 years saves $6 billion.
Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.
Rep. Ilhan Omar "voted yes" to "provide further funding for the 9/11 First Responders Victims Fund" while Sen. Rand Paul "voted no."
Rep. Paul Gosar asks Capitol Police to arrest illegal immigrants attending State of the Union.
Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied by Hillary "Clintons State Department."
Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day.
Republican candidate for governor Ken Block was "fined and had to admit that (he) funneled money illegally to the Moderate Party."
Rescinding the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program "will harm our economy."
Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises.
Rhode Island has the "the second-most heavily deployed National Guard in the United States."
Rhode Island has the "worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska."
Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation.
Rhode Islands exports have increased by 53 percent in the last two years.
Rhode Island's legislature is "the strongest in the country."
Rhode Islands voter identification law was pushed by "a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. That's a fact."
Richard Nixon released tax returns when he was under audit.
Rick Perry doesnt think there should be a federal minimum wage.
Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. That's the highest we've ever been in our country.
Right now, 1 in 4 Texas women of reproductive age are uninsured, totaling 1.5 million Texas women.
Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. Thats more than credit card debt.
Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels.
Right now, Texas doesnt have an income tax and Oklahomas lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high.
Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism.
Ronald Reagan "raised taxes in 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987."
Ronald Reagan was a verified Democrat until his mid-50s.
San Antonio is "now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor."
Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.
Saudi Arabia is "the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries" where women cannot get licenses to drive.
Say that under state law, "systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment."
Says "10 days after Hurricane Katrina, this chamber passed two separate bills amounting to $60 billion. It has been nearly two months since we had Superstorm Sandy, and nothing has passed."
Says "10% of U.S. children are Texans."
Says "5 out of 10" GOP candidates dont live in North Carolinas 9th Congressional District.
Says "80 percent of the health care dollars are spent by 20 percent of the population."
Says "94 percent of (Marco Rubio's) constituents support a universal background check."
Says "A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S."
Says "a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year."
Says "as Co-Chair of the Joint Ways &amp; Means Committee, I secured the key piece of funding for" the Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project bridge."
Says "Bernie Sanders was there when it came to (same-sex) marriage 20 years ago. ... He was there when it wasn't popular."
Says "Danny Tarkanian  wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a woman's right to choose, even in cases of rape or incest."
Says "half the Americans don't pay any income taxes."
Says "if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma."
Says "in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested" for HIV.
Says "in our gun laws were allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked."
Says "in this next biennium, the cost of primary and secondary education is going to increase by more that $1000 per student. Half of that $1000  $500 per student  is accounted for by the increased cost of PERS alone."
Says "MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways."
Says "most" NC legislators are in the "high risk age group" for coronavirus
Says "one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime."
Says "only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally."
Says "only one other senator from either party over the last 25 years" has "a worse record on bipartisanship" than Ted Cruz.
Says "our indicted Attorney General Ken Paxton is back to being the only statewide official in the country under indictment."
Says "Portland has higher standards than feds on allowed police use of force."
Says "PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years."
Says "PTA meetings are now being conducted to help parents tell their kids" that if a guy with an AR-15 walks into their classroom, "you are supposed to create as much chaos as you possibly can. They want you to scream and yell and dance around and throw books and just keep moving."
Says "Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice."
Says "right now, we have more military spending than the next 10, 11, 12 countries combined."
Says "tenure still exists but it's been overhauled" for teachers in New Jersey.
Says "the typical homeowner will pay $4 more per month" if library district passes.
Says "there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison."
Says "Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar."
Says "zero" African Americans have presented to the House Budget Committee in 2019.
Says $15-an-hourproposal in Cleveland is "the most aggressive minimum wage increase in the country."
Says 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.
Says 70 percent of benefits in Donald Trumps proposal for child care "go to the people making over $100,000 a year."
Says 74% of people in Texas are "crammed into 4% of the land."
Says 88 Texas constables have died in the line of duty.
Says 90 percent of Americans and 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support background checks of gun purchasers.
Says 97 percent of food stamp benefits "are paid in the proper amounts to people who are really eligible."
Says a 1915 referendum on womens right to vote "went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it."
Says a change in law he carried stopped a $100 million tax increase in the Dallas school district.
Says a federal judge "sanctions Tennessee birther lawyer  for bringing a frivolous lawsuit."
Says a Josh Hawley lawsuit "would take away important prescription drug coverage for seniors through Medicare and end all of the consumer protections under the ACA."
Says a newannual report shows that "West Virginias tourism industry has grown for the second consecutive year, reversing years of decline and outpacing national growth by 58 percent."
Says a poll shows that "without a name attached, Democrats are just one point behind" Gov. John Kasich.
Says a Texas Senate committee considering "private school voucher" legislation randomly called people to testify regardless of when the people submitted requests to testify.
Says a YouTube video shows Thomas DiMassimo, the man who rushed Trump at an Ohio rally, "dragging the American flag on the ground like it was a piece of garbage."
Says abortions are decreasing.
Says about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving.
Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slaves'freedom in border states, but the states "all rejected it."
Says according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles.
Says Alex Jones "said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there."
Says all North Carolina teachers do not currently get a "duty free lunch break."
Says Amanda Fritz "manages less than 5 percent of city operations."
Says American polling shows Russian President Vladimir Putin has "an 80 percent approval rating."
Says an ICE detainer request "is not a valid warrant."
Says Ann Coulter said, "I am a settler. I am descended from settlers  not from immigrants."
Says Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac.
Says Barack Obama "said when he was running for office four years ago that he would halve the annual deficit by the end of his first term. That simply has not happened."
Says Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president.
Says Barack Obama is "trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks."
Says Beto ORourke "has a criminal record that includes DWI and burglary arrests."
Says Bill and Hillary Clinton attended Donald Trump's last wedding.
Says Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym.
Says budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker.
Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
Says Central Texas river water sent to downstream rice farmers in 2011 equaled about three years worth of Austins water use.
Says Charlie Crist "implemented Jeb Bushs A+ Plan."
Says Charlie Crist rode on a jet that "belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water."
Says China and Singapore impose the death penalty on drug dealers.
Says condoms "used to be tax-exempt here in Texas."
Says Connie Mack "wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district."
Says county parties representing more than half the states Republican voters approved resolutions "demanding changes" in Texas House leadership.
Says Dan Patrick "proposed Arizona-style show-me-your-papers legislation."
Says Dan Patrick has "called immigration into Texas an invasion" and "said immigrants coming into Texas bring third-world diseases."
Says David Jolly refused "to cut spending for a national greenhouse in D.C."
Says Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio
Says Delta Air Lines has "once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis."
Says Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican.
Says Dick Cheney "supported gay marriage sooner"than Hillary Clinton.
Says Donald "Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush."
Says Donald Trump "has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system."
Says Donald Trump "started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans."
Says Donald Trump "supports eminent domain" and the Supreme Courts Kelodecision.
Says Donald Trump "thinks stop-and-frisk is fine."
Says Donald Trump "used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower."
Says Donald Trump "wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage."
Says Donald Trump "wants to undo marriage equality."
Says Donald Trump "was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first he'd want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them."
Says Donald Trump has "changed his mind" on abortion.
Says Donald Trump mocked "someone with a disability."
Says Donald Trumps proposed tax treatment of hedge fund managers "makes the current loophole even worse."
Says Donald Trumps tax plan gives the wealthy and corporations "more than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two."
Says Donald Trump's use of the term "fake news" to undermine journalism "seems (to have) inspired dictators and authoritarians."
Says Donald Trump'sfoundation "took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself."
Says each of the past three years "has been the hottest on record."
Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program "could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit."
Says ExxonMobil "fought to kill" a rule requiring oil and mining companies to disclose payments made to foreign governments.
Says fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years.
Says first eight chosen to draw Austin City Council districts are seven Democratic primary voters and one Republican primary voter.
Says five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill "before they were against it."
Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
Says Fox News gave Republicansenators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about theIslamic State.
Says Fran DeWines made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
Says Gary Farmers claim that he "received an 'A' from the NRA" is "an absolute lie."
Says George LeMieux was one of two Republicans who voted for President Barack Obama's jobs bill.
Says GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Says HB2 has hurt North Carolinas economy by "one-tenth of 1 percent of our annual GDP."
Says he "is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System."
Says he "paid one dollar for" a sweater at Kohls.
Says he "was the only Republican" to vote against creating a House panel to investigate Planned Parenthood.
Says he has never voted for raising taxes.
Says he has sued the Obama administration 25 times.
Says he was known as "Veto Corleone" for cutting spending as Florida governor.
Says he was the only statewide elected official to speak in favor of a federal guest worker plan at the 2012 Republican Party of Texas convention.
Says he would be first CPA to serve as Texas comptroller.
Says hes "never voted present in the House instead of taking a yes or no position.
Says hes a "small-town supervisor who has kept a balanced budget, who has increased surpluses, who has led us to the highest credit rating our town has ever had."
Says Hillary Clinton "said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, that's not true."
Says Hillary Clinton "said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers."
Says Hillary Clinton "wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent."
Says his elections proposal would allow "a potential of 168 hours (of early voting), which I think is the most weve ever had."
Says his release of 33 years of tax returns is "more than any presidential candidate in history."
Says his time away from Washington coincides with a "long planned renovation" for the White House.
Says his transportation plan "would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline."
Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
Says immigrant military service members applying for U.S. citizenship "are getting rejected at higher numbers than those who are not veterans."
Says in "our region," 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded.
Says in Chicago, "we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A."
Says in the 2016 presidential election, "I won that one by 42 points -- 42 points -- West Virginia."
Says income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent.
Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst "promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA."
Says Jeb Bush -- not Charlie Crist -- signed legislation that let Duke Energy collect money for nuclear projects.
Says Jeb Bush "flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration."
Says Jim Frishe wanted to "tax us for doing our taxes" through an accountant.
Says Joe Manchin "refused to commit to Kavanaugh until AFTER the Senate had the votes."
Says John Bolton supported the Iraq War and said last year that"I still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct."
Says Jon Ossoff "doesn't even live in (his) district."
Says Keene, N.H., requested a "military-grade armored personnel truck," citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as "a possible target" for terrorists.
Says Kelly Ayotte "voted again yesterday against a proposal to expand background checks -- (buyers) can continue to simply go online or to gun shows to purchase guns without background checks."
Says lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obama's campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects.
Says Leah Vukmir "claimed the open records law didn't apply to her, got sued, lost and cost taxpayers $15,000 in legal fees."
Says legislative cuts mean Texas is "spending on average $500 less per student."
Says local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties.
Says longstanding Food and Drug Administration regulations created barriers to the private industry creating a test quickly for the coronavirus.
Says Madison Mayor Paul Soglin's stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to "discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees."
Says Marco Rubio "knows full well I voted for his amendment to increase military spending to $697 billion."
Says Marco Rubio "voted against the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act."
Says Mike Huckabee appeared in diabetes infomercials to endorse "cures and treatments that no health agency supports."
Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. has said Black Lives Matter "is a terrorist movement, a hate group and calls it, Black LIES Matter."
Says Mitt Romney "had millions in a Swiss bank account."
Says Mitt Romney "has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures."
Says Mitt Romney had millions in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven.
Says Mitt Romney is proposing a "tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country."
Says Mitt Romney is using "a million of his presidential campaign dollars to finance his Utah Senate race."
Says Mitt Romney said he does not "line up with the NRA."
Says Mitt Romney suggested that "employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage."
Says Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should "borrow money if you have to from your parents."
Says Mitt Romney wants to add $2 trillion to defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
Says more Austinites voted in the citys 1973 election featuring a mayors race than in the citys most recent mayoral election.
Says most of Austins biggest parks have recycling though as "many as 293 out of 300" Austin city "parks have no recycling, including almost every neighborhood park."
Says Multnomah County libraries "are open 44 hours per week  the lowest of any library in the four-county region."
Says New Hampshire has the third-highest property tax in the country.
Says New Hampshires second congressional district includes two counties where "almost 5 percent if not more" of residents are enrolled in the states expanded Medicaid program.
Says New Jersey has gained "143,000 new private-sector jobs."
Says New Jerseys prison system is "61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black."
Says new Medicare billing guidelines "have nine codes for (injuries by) turkeys."
Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.
Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.
Says of Donald Trump, "He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms."
Says of El Paso that some years, "in a city of almost 700,000, we had five murders the entire year. Our average over the last 10 years is 18 (murders per year). We exceeded that average just on one day" after a gunman opened fire at a Walmart in the city.
Says opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses.
Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter "proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies."
Says out-of-state abortion clinics "have marketed their services to minors" in states with parental consent laws.
Says over 90 percent of Travis Countys eligible residents have registered to vote.
Says Paul Ryan "is still endorsing Trump."
Says people convicted of felonies or under restraining orders "can buy a firearm without going through a background check."
Says Pete Buttigieg ran statewide in Indiana and "lost by 20 points."
Says Philando Castile "had been stopped by police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident."
Says President Barack Obama "will not utter the words radical Islamic terrorism and as matter of policy, nobody in the administration will say the words radical Islamic terrorism."
Says President Barack Obama released a statement on the "death of brother Robin Williams before ... a statement on brother Michael Brown."
Says President Donald Trump "had a different opinion" in 2013 than he does now about whether (Barack) Obama should have intervened in Syria after Obama's red line was crossed.
Says President John F. Kennedy released a star Green Bay Packer from military reserve duty so that he could play in the 1961 NFL Championship Game.
Says President Richard Nixon held meetings with heads of state without an American interpreter.
Says proposed teacher contract "would layer on more restrictive rules."
Says Rep. John Katko "promised he wouldnt vote to defund Planned Parenthood and since hes been in office hes done that four times"
Says Rep. Steve Stockman "basically wants gun-filled zones in schools."
Says Republican presidential candidate and Gov. John Kasich has spent 177 days out of state and used $350,000 in taxpayer money on his "costly campaign."
Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz "opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos."
Says Republicans supported legislation on early voting and in-person voting in 2005.
Says Richard Burr "was one of only three senators who voted against a ban on insider trading for members of Congress. And he called that vote brave."
Says Richard Cordray directed an Ohio commission to "permit an armed group to have a rally on the statehouse grounds, even taking the extraordinary step of assuming personal responsibility for waiving an insurance requirement in the event of an incident."
Says Rick Scott "didnt even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week."
Says Rick Scott changed his promise from700,000 jobs created "on top of what normal growth would be" to just 700,000 jobs.
Says Rick Scotts "hospital company stole millions, defrauding the militarys health care program."
Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
Says Ron Johnson "opposes entirely a federal minimum wage," except perhaps for "guest workers."
Says Roy Moore said a "practicing Muslim should not be a member of Congress because of his faith."
Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.
Says Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, "we could keep our doctors and our plans, it was rated as the Lie of the Year."
Says Scott Brown "co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control."
Says Scott Walker enacted "the biggest cuts to education in our states history."
Says Scott Walker's "listening sessions" are "invite-only and excluding the press."
Says Scott Walker's views on abortion are more restrictive "than any Republican president in recent times."
Says Sean Hannity told listeners of his radio show that "Beto ORourke is asking for help in getting undocumented to vote."
Says Sen. Mitch McConnell is "the No. 1 recipient of contributions from lobbyists this cycle."
Says Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has stated that supporting the "right to health care ... means you believe in slavery."
Says Sen. Rand Pauls 2011 budget "included a big cut in the CDC."
Says Senate candidate Katie McGinty "made thousands from companies she previously regulated."
Says she "called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight" early on in the financial crisis.
Says she "is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined."
Says she has bipartisan support, including "53 sheriffs throughout the state, Democrats and Republicans."
Says she is "entering in the most diverse class ever," of U.S. Representatives
Says she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media.
Says since he took office, the City of Milwaukee has seen the creation of 7,000 new affordable housing units.
Says Spectrum will provide free internet to students during coronavirus school closures.
Says spending in the fiscal 2009 budget was lower than spending in the fiscal 2014 budget
Says state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years.
Says Stephen F. Austin and James Bowie promoted slavery.
Says taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions
Says Ted Strickland "in this campaign bragged about his A-plus rating with the NRA. ... He has said he has a mixed and spotty record on this issue and that he can be criticized for it. Those are his words, not mine. So I dont know where he is on this issue."
Says Tennessee is providing "millions of dollars" to virtual school company for "results at the bottom of the bottom."
Says Tennessees higher education funding model "is 100 percent outcomes-based" and "we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business."
Says Texas "high school graduation rates are at all-time highs."
Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
Says Texas is last in workers' compensation coverage.
Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.
Says Texas ranks among the nations top five states for its high school graduation rate.
Says Texas ranks first in executions among the states.
Says Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas.
Says that "Tennessee law requires that schools receive half of proceeds -- $31 million per year" -- from a half-cent increase in the Shelby County sales tax.
Says that as a judge, she has "presided over more than 10,000 cases."
Says that except for foreign policy, Ron Pauls voting record and his voting record are virtually identical.
Says that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff.
Says that in 2011, Oregon had "the second fastest growing economy in the nation."
Says that in 2015, "illegal" immigrants accounted for 75 percent of federal drug possession convictions and 5 percent to 30 percent of convictions for murder and kidnapping plus two other crimes.
Says that in the 1985 election former Gov. Tom Kean had "the largest winning margin for a gubernatorial candidate in Jersey history."
Says that in the U.S. House of Representatives "weve had bipartisan support for the repeal of Obamacare  for getting rid of cap and trade  for building the Keystone Pipeline."
Says that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio says troops are leaving Iraq "too fast."
Says that when the Rolling Stones performed in an Austin park, they paid $25,000 to the nearby city of Rollingwood "for one night of inconvenience."
Says thatRepublican Darryl Glennhas described Democrats as "evil" and has said he's "tired of hearing about Republicans reaching across the aisle."
Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
Says the cartels are so bad in a Mexicanborder state that the U.S. government issued a Do Not Travel warning -- the same warning it issued for Syria.
Says the city of Portland has one manager for every six "front-line" workers.
Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court "has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans" otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions.
Says the media distortedwhat happened with a baby at his rally.
Says the Multnomah County Library system "is the second busiest in the nation."
Says the Pentagon has never passed a financial audit. In fact, the Pentagon is exempt from a federal law that requires all federal agencies to complete annual audits.
Says the Portland Childrens Levy holds its "administrative expenses to less than 5 percent."
Says the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget "is still below the level of state spending when I took office."
Says the Republican Party platform says "pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold" while the Democratic Party platform says "we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform."
Says the Senate Intelligence Committee has held 10 public hearings this year, "more than double that held by the committee in any recent year."
Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
Says the state of Texas rates as "unacceptable" almost 500 of the state's 8,000 public schools.
Says the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes.
Says the Trump administration transferred $10 million from FEMA to ICE.
Says the U.S. fleet of attack submarines is scheduled to fall below the 48 boats that Navy says it needs to carry out current missions.
Says the United States "actually exports more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since, I think, 1949."
Says theCongressional Budget Officehas estimated"every penny of the federal budget will go to interest on the debt and entitlement spending by 2025."
Says there are "concrete examples" of University of Texas job applicants or prospective applicants and students as well as invited speakers changing their minds because of handguns being allowed in campus buildings and classrooms.
Says theres no language in the U.S. Constitution that prevents someone from running for Congress simultaneously in multiple states.
Says transgender residents make up "about 1-in-300 people, we're all over the place, we're your friends and your neighbors."
Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for "the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget."
Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland "voted to keep the shutdown going."
Says veterans disability claims backlog doubled in Obamas first term.
Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team. 
Says Warren Buffett has publicly said his secretary "should not be paying a higher tax rate" than him.
Says when he was governor,"we expanded participation in Virginia in early childhood programs by nearly 40 percent."
Says women care most about jobs and the economy
Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.
Says, "I-205, six miles of which runs through my district, already carries more traffic than I-5."
Says, "Oregon has the third largest class size in the nation."
Says, "Since 1994 when VAWA was first passed, incidents of domestic violence have dropped more than 50 percent."
SaysBernie Sanders "has reversed his position on immunity" for gun manufacturers and sellers.
SaysDonald Trump called pregnant employees "an inconvenience."
SaysGOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn "wants to eliminate the Department of Education" and jeopardize college fundingfor 320,000 Coloradans.
Sayvideo "shows massive alligator strolling across Florida golf course."
Science is "very certain" that the measles vaccine doesn't cause autism.
Sen. Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill.
Senator Cryin Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal, even going at it with President Obama, &amp; then Voted AGAINST it! Now he says I should not have terminated the deal
Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: "Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?"
Seven of Americas 10 wealthiest counties are in the Washington, D.C., area.
Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city of Washington D.C.
Seven years later, (Scott Walker) has not hit his first campaign promise of creating 250,000 jobs.
Seventy percent of Americans "don't have a college degree."
Seventy-six percent of the American people support us passing the DREAM Act  with citizenship and legalization as part of it all.  More than 60 percent of Republicans support that.
Several elected state officials have opened their homes to children in need of loving families.
Sherrod Brown "failed to pay his own taxes three separate times."
Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration.
Since 1961  our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So what's the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million).
Since 1968, "more Americans have died from gunfire than died in  all the wars of this country's history."
Since 1978, college "tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation."
Since 1990, production of metals in the U.S. has held roughly constant, but the number of people employed in the industry has fallen steadily.
Since 2008, Gwinnett Countys population has grown 15 percent, while the county government staff has increased only 1 percent.
Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history.
Since 2008, we have cut 5,000 positions from Virginia public schools.
Since 2010, eight children in Georgia have died due to vehicular heatstroke.
Since 2011, the gap in high school graduation rates between African-American students and all students has been cut in half, from 6.4 percent to 3.1 percent.
Since 2011, we have documentation of 1,671 dead bodies we have recovered in Texas, many in Brooks County.
Since 2014, "each year, (NATO) nations have been increasing their contributions."
Since 2014, there has been a 25% reduction in crime in communities at the Texas-Mexico border.
Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the states rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent.
Since I took office, "Wisconsin ranks 11th in the nation in total business establishment growth compared to 47th in the years Mary Burke was Commerce secretary."
Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months.
Since John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963, more Americans have died by gunfire within our own country than American servicemen and women who were killed in all our wars.
Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan.
Since passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Walmart 'increased their starting wage to $11/hr &amp; has given about $400 million in bonuses.'
Since taking office in January 2011, "the rainy day fund has increased by 226 percent."
Since taking office, we have enacted more than $8 billion in cumulative tax relief.
Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State.
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been "confirmed in presidential election years since 1912."
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been "confirmed in presidential election years since 1912." 
Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C.
Six of the nations 10 wealthiest counties, "according to median income, are in and around the Washington, D.C. area."
Sixteen million jobs were created under Ronald Reagan's presidency.
Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients.
Small business confidence is at an all-time high.
Small businesses "create two out of every three American jobs."
Social Security "was basically invented" at the University of Wisconsin-Madison; "that's where Franklin Roosevelt got the idea."
Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies but want to cut food stamps.
Some states are only getting 50 tests per day, and the Utah Jazz got 58.
Some states hit hardest by opioid deaths "have more opioid prescriptions than residents."
South Florida ranks No. 1 in the gap between wages and housing.
Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country.
Speakers at the Democratic National Convention made "zero mentions of the global terrorist threat posed by ISIS."
Speaking of the financial crisis that gained traction in 2007, "I talked about it to anyone who would listen, a crisis is coming."
Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago.
State "school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation."
States with "the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates."
Studies show at the minimum wage, you cant rent a two-bedroom apartment anywhere in the United States...a modest, two-bedroom apartment.
Suicide is the second-leading cause of death among 15-19 year olds and 25-34 year olds in Missouri.
Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right and never said "it had to be between a man and a woman."
Surveys show that many of our citizens think we devote a full quarter or even a third of our federal budget to foreign aid.
Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infection in the world.
Syria and Nicaragua are the only nations that didn't sign the Paris Agreement. Nicaragua said it wasn't tough enough.
Taking into account inflation, the federal minimum wage is actually worth less than what it was worth 50 years ago.
Tax cuts approved and those proposed in his state budget "will exceed $8 billion by the time the budget is done." 
Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once.
Ted Cruz was "the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas."
Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges.
Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.
Texas actually leads in the number of (Confederate) monuments removed.
Texas families have kept more than $10 billion in their family budgets since we successfully fought to restore Texas' sales tax deduction a decade ago.
Texas has lost the most law enforcement officers in the line of duty of any state in America.
Texas has the highest rate of uninsured in the nation. ... And there are more uninsured children in Texas than in any other state.
Texas is "the state that has now gone the longest without electing a Democrat statewide."
Texas is growing twice as fast as the rest of the country.
Texas is home to millions of Latinas, but the state has never elected a Latina to Congress.
Texas leads the country in animal deaths by sodium cyanide M-44s.
Texas legislators have filed voucher proposals in every legislative session since 1995, but all of them have failed to become law.
Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased "72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year."
Texas spends "more per day to house an inmate than we do on a student."
The (ARC Tunnel) project was originally estimated to be $8.7 billion, and New Jersey alone was on the hook for all overruns.
The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
The 2008 election was the first election in which voters of color comprised over 25 percent of the electorate, and that number is going up.
The 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that up to half of daily marijuana smokers become addicted -- an estimated 2.7 million people in the U.S.
The 2015 Legislature "passed the fewest laws in 20 years."
The 2018 Academy Awards show was the "lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY."
The actual deportations from the interior of the country are way down under President Obama.
The Affordable Care Act "provided over 200,000 West Virginians with health care coverage."
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse.
The American economy is continuing its longest monthly streak of job growth in history, with 3.9 million jobs added since President Trump was elected.
The American people are overwhelmingly with us in calling witnessesin Senate trial
The Austin Independent School Districts graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012.
The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old.
The average family (is) now bringing home $4,000 less than they did just five years ago.
The average Georgia family makes $6,000 less than the average family did 10 years ago when inflation is factored in.
The average margin of victory in the House of Representatives was 37% for Democrats and Republicans in the 2016 election.
The barber regulation here in Missouri is 10,000 words long.the book of Revelation is (also) 10,000 words long.
The Boeing 737 Max 8, the type of plane that crashed in Ethiopia, continues to fly in the United States, despite the FAA saying "software updates are likely coming."
The Buffett Rule "will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one weeks interest on the national debt."
The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests.
The causation standard in Indiana is exactly the same as it is in Illinois.
The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades.
The city of Clarkston "cant decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that."
The Clintons' foundation took millions from foreign governments including United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.
The commission form of government is definitely losing favor in the United States.
The Confederate battle flag at the South Carolina statehouse "must fly at a height of 30 feet. Any changes -- taken down, or even at half-staff, if that can be done -- must be passed by a supermajority of the General Assembly."
The Dallas Cowboys cant put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed.
The deficit this year could pay "all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years."
The Democrat-controlled Senate, it hasn't passed a budget in more than 1,000 days.
The Department of Homeland Security is "the only federal department not funded for this entire fiscal year" by Congress.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average "jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks, Record fastest 1000 point move in history."
The economy is "creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999."
The enumeration clause speaks to the count of every individual, and not just Americans, not just citizens.
The estimated price of President Trumps border wall is the same as the cost of "one and a half aircraft carriers."
The exodus of citizens from New York State has been growing.
The facts are, the majority of opioids and all kinds of other things that are connected to the opioids are coming through the point of entry.
The fastest-growing part of the Pentagons budget are health care expenses.
The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.
The federal government is prohibited "from negotiating lower prescription drug prices for our senior citizens."
The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused.
The federal tax code has "loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas."
The federal tax code includes "deductions for birds flying across America."
The first (state) budget that came out of our Republican leadership slashed funding to Planned Parenthood...It resulted in the reduction of hours, the elimination of days, elimination of access to women in my city and all over my state.
The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October.
The General Assembly "has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us."
The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape "has been there for more than 30 years."
The GOPs Obamacare replacement would reduce subsidies that help lower-income people buy health insurance, but also "expand the entitlement" by giving subsidies to higher-income people "that Obamacare never helped."
The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails.
The governors budget proposal reduces the state austerity cut to education to under $500 million for 2016.
The graduation rate in New York City has increased by 50 percent in 13 years
The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together.
The highest paid employee of the State of Rhode Island is a basketball coach.
The hole in the earth thats going to be dug (for the proposed Gogebic mine) is bigger than my entire district.
The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history.
The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove country-of-origin labeling on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S.
The impeachment inquiry hearings "going on behind closed doors over which Congressman Schiff is presidingthey are consistent with the rules" of the U.S. House of Representatives.
The impending work stoppage is unlawful.
The Inland Empire is "the second fastest growing region" for jobs in California.
The Iranians are now saying that what we're saying the deal is and what they understand it to be are two different things.
The Israelis"gave up 1,000 terrorists in return for one sergeant."
The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country.
The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country.
The labor force participation rate -- the share of the potential workforce that is actually working or looking for work-- currently stands below 63%, the lowest level since the 1970s.
The last time people (created a Hollywood blacklist), people ended up killing themselves  They were accused, and they lost their right to work.
The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates "beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980."
The law says that mental health must be treated the same as physical health, but coverage by health insurers is unequal.
The legislature was never given the opportunity to debate or vote on loaning $75 million to 38 Studios.
The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group.
The major immigration issue was about Poles, and Bulgarians, and Romanians, and that they werent contributing economically. "The unemployment rate among Poles in Britain is lower than the unemployment rate among Brits."
The majority of Austinites rent the places they live.
The majority of hunters now want universal background checks, the majority of Trump voters.
The majority of the Hispanic population and the growth (of the population) is U.S.-born.
The majority support (raising) the minimum wage.
The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago.
The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students.
The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department.
The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million.
The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country.
The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year.
The National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019 "includes the largest pay raise in nearly 10 years."
The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin.
The national economy was strong in its largest expansion of private sector jobs before President Trump came into office.
The National Park Service has "an annual budget that is less than the city of Austin."
The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical.
The new tax will make soda sold in Chicago among the most expensive in the country.
The New York State Senate "passed legislation allowing minors to race snowmobiles, get their own hunting licenses, and not be employed gathering or picking rags, cigar stumps, or collecting bones."
The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males15-34 is murder.
The No. 1 job vacancy in Florida every month for seven years has been nursing.
The NRA used to support expanded background checks.
The number of people in Atlanta dying from HIV and AIDS declined 59 percent between 2004 and 2012.
The number of terrorists out there has doubled.
The numbers make it clear that Georgia voters are increasingly taking advantage of early voting opportunities.
The Obama administration has put out "more of these major rules than the Clinton administration or the Bush administration during comparable times."
The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined.
The Obama administration is allowing state waivers from welfare work requirements "only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent."
The past president (Barack Obama) brought Al Sharpton into the White House something like 80 times.
The people of Tiverton have historically supported [gambling measures] at a rate higher than the rest of the state.
The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law.
The potential Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program.
The poverty rate amongst women is the worst its been in 17 years and the extreme poverty rate is the worst its ever been.
The poverty rate in West Virginia "was 19.1 percent, the fourth-highest in the country."
The poverty rates for African Americans and Hispanic Americans -- its been incredible, theyve all reached their lowest levels in the history of our country.
The President has decided to move forward with executive actions on immigration that he has said on numerous occasions that he didnt have the constitutional power to take.
The president of the United States already has the legal authority to reduce the price of many commonly used prescription drugs.
The president of the United States came in the Tuesday before the election in a ward that went 99% for him in the last election and they couldn't even (increase) the vote there.
The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.
The proposed raises for the Norcross City Council would put it in line with other liked-sized communities.
The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses.
The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriffs Office mirrors the community it serves.
The Railroad Commission of Texas has nothing to do with railroads.
The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California.
The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
The Republican from Georgia [U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston], he hasnt even been to a NASCAR race.
The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.
The Republican presidential nominee hasnt won women since 1988.
The Rhode Island Parole Board "never received an objection from the attorney general" to the parole of convicted murder Alfred Brissette.
The Senate has not passed a budget in more than three years, not a good budget, not a bad budget, no budget.
The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
The state budget has increased almost $800 million a year in each of the last two years.
The state budget proposal has been submitted "on time and [it's] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades."
The state budget will include scholarship money for minority students as a concession to Senate Democrats for supporting the GOP-initiated transportation bill.
The state of Georgia has lost 200,000 total jobs and 50,000 construction jobs since May 2007.
The State of Texas is funding  womens health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years.
The states overall revenues only returned this year to 2007 levels.
The state's unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states.
The status quo led the General Assembly to reduce pension payments four straight years starting in 2005, costing billions of dollars as the delay in contributions essentially borrowed from pension funds at a very high interest rate.
The tax penalty that the government imposes if you don't buy health insurance "is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance."
The three wealthiest people own "more wealth than the bottom half of the American people."
The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes). ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent.
The top25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of America's kindergarten teachers combined.
The truth is David Cicilline voted for tougher laws against child abusers, domestic abusers and abusers of the elderly.
The truth is, Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. Planned Parenthood refers women to mammography providers, serving as the middlewoman, if you will.
The typical black family in this country has one-tenth the wealth of the typical white family.
The U.S. "doesnt make television sets anymore."
The U.S. Constitution is "the oldest written constitution still in use today" among nations.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE "database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls."
The U.S. has "5 percent of the worlds population, 25 percent of the worlds known prison population."
The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012.
The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent.
The U.S. Supreme Court decided in 1982 that non-citizen children must get free K-12 education.
The U.S. Supreme Court has not traditionally asked a lot of questions during oral arguments.
The U.S. unemployment rate has remained above 8 percent for 43 consecutive months, the longest stretch since the Great Depression.
The U.S."tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent," while the business tax rate in Canada is 15 percent.
The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000.
The unemployment rate for Wisconsin workers has reached historic lows. Its never been this low before, ever, ever, ever.
The uninsured rate in California reached "a historic low of 7.4 percent in 2016."
The United States "decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution."
The United States "has never been richer, if you look at per capita GDP."
The United States "spends more on potato chips than we do on ALL energy R&amp;D."
The United States has a low voter turnout rate.
The United States has experienced "40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher."
The United States is "the oldest democracy" in the world.
The United States is one of only seven nations that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks post-fertilization.
The United States is the ONLY industrialized country without universal healthcare.
The United States is the only nation "that grants legal permanent residency to more than a million people per year."
The United States right now incarcerates more African-Americans as a percentage than apartheid South Africa did.
The United States spends "almost three times per capita what they spend in the U.K." on health care and "50 percent more than they pay in France."
The VA negotiates prescription drug prices. Medicare doesn't do that.
The very first meal on the surface of the moon was the Holy Communion.
The waiting list for Pre-K is over in the House budget.
The Walton family of Walmart ... This one family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people.
The Walton family, which owns Wal-Mart, controls a fortune equal to the wealth of the bottom 42 percent of Americans combined.
The wealthiest three families now own more wealth than the bottom half of the country.
The White House staff risks violating federal ethics rules if they participatein Donald Trumps "fake news awards."
There are "approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island." 
There are 3 million jobs that go vacant each month in this country.
There are 390 million guns out on the streets of a country of 329 million people.
There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.
There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining.
There are at least twice as many licensed firearm dealers in California as there are McDonalds.
There are countries in Africa where they have higher vaccination rates than here in the United States.
There are currently 6 million jobs available in this country that are due in part to the skills gap.
There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850.
There are more words in the IRS code than there are in the Bible.
There are no federal or state laws that say prosecutors must seek death sentences. And the United States Supreme Court has banned all state laws that make executions mandatory for murders.
There are still tens of thousands of missing service members from previous and current conflicts that our nation is working to find and repatriate.
There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.
There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades.
There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this.
There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trump's) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.
There have been zero reported instances of any child born alive after an abortion in Texas.
There is "a constitutional issue" that affects "the paychecks of members of Congress" during a shutdown.
There is "more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world  the first time thats happened in nearly 20 years."
There is "over 20 times more energy" in a proposed Southside uranium mining site than "there is in all the oil thats estimated to be off Virginias coast"
There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used.
There is no war on coal. Period. There are more coal jobs and more coal produced in Ohio than there were five years ago, in spite of the talking points and the yard signs.
There is nothing that we have done on Amazon that we have not done with hundreds of other projects.
There isn't a system for reuniting families separated under Trumps zerotolerance border policy.
There was no requirement to put in affordable housing.
There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010.
There's never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days.
Theres no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections.
Theres no money for Planned Parenthood in the bill that would keep the government open.
There's no real evidence in the last 20 years that growth from tax cuts has made up lost revenue.
There's not one Democrat who endorses the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.
These guys are now pretty much living up to the @BruceRauner standard. And falling dismally short of the @MittRomney standard. Even Romney released his full tax returns.
They found 60 votes in the Senate in 2006 and 2013 for immigration legislation,and "each time the House Republican majority refused to take it up."
Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out.
Thirty U.S. cities have Triple A baseball teams and "virtually everyone of them [is] playing in government owned ballparks."
Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
Thirty-four of the 47 men depicted in the famous "Declaration of Independence" painting were slaveholders.
This March, for the first time in human history, the monthly average carbon dioxide in our atmosphere exceeded 400 parts per million. The range had been 170-300 parts per million for hundreds of thousands of years.
This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word lunatic from federal law.
This year West Virginia produced more AmeriCorps members than any other state.
Thousands of folks are opening West Virginia E-ZPass accounts.
Three in four low-income workers dont have any paid sick days available.
Three of our cities are among the top five worst cities in the U.S. for asthma.
Three thousand felons voted in Rhode Island in 2008.
To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram.
Today California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas.
Today, if you were raised poor, youre just as likely to stay poor as you were 50 years ago.
Todays marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
Todays minimum wage worker making $7.25 an hour has less buying power than a minimum wage worker in the 1960s.
Tom Reed "has actually voted for every single trade deal that has ever come before him in any form."
Tom Suozzi raised taxes "by hundreds of millions of dollars" as Nassau County executive.
Too many tattoos "on visible body parts" keepsome applicants out of the military.
Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually.
Traditionally, the Speaker says: Members of Congress, I have the high privilege and distinct honor of presenting to you the President of the United States. (Tonight) Speaker Pelosi said, Members of Congress, the President of the United States. "
Travis County is "surrounded by red counties."
Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education.
Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress.
Triggering leftists, Trump's reelection campaign is selling plastic straws.
Trump looking to open up E Coast &amp; new areas for offshore oil drilling when Congress has passed no new safety standards since BP
Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law.
Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history.
Trump supporters are heading to the border as the migrant caravan approaches.
TSA WILL ACCEPT DRIVERS PRIV CARDS FOR ID AT THE AIRPORT
Turkeys today weigh 29.8 pounds. In the 30s, they weighed 13.2 pounds.
Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs.
Twenty-seven percent of Californians, almost 11 million, "were born in a foreign land."
Twitter is banned in Iran.
Two million new jobs have been created, in California since 2011.
U.S. agricultural &amp; food exports are expected to increase more than $2 billion annually under #USMCA
Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.
Uncompensated care has "gone down by 30 percent just in the first few months" of Medicaid expansion in the states that adopted it.
Under current conditions, by 2023, the interest payments on the national debt will be $722 billion, larger than the projected defense spending of $696 billion.
Under current law, if you go on a dating website and you say you're 32 and you're actually 42, you've committed a misdemeanor.
Under Donald Trump's tax plan, "51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up."
Under Donald Trump's tax plan, "the top 0.1 percent of taxpayers -- people earning multiple millions of dollars a year, on average -- would get more tax relief than the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers combined."
Under Emanuel, CPS has become the most understaffed school district in Illinois.
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion.
Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are "legal refugees" could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.
Under Mayor Tom Barrett, the number of Milwaukee police officers "has not increased."
Under N.Y. State Assault Weapon ban 1 simple cosmetic change pictured here is difference between legal &amp; banned
Under President Barack Obamas leadership, "since June 2009, (the auto) industry has added a quarter of a million jobs."
Under President George W. Bush, "we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama  weve added $6.5 trillion to the debt."
Undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion of taxes every single year.
Unlike California, we in Florida welcome driverless cars - no permit required.
Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support.
Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas.
Virginia "spends less per student today than we did in 2008."
Virginia House "Republicans have had more African-Americans on key committees than when the Democrats were in control."
Virginia is "the only state" that has a tradition of attorneys general resigning if they run for governor.
Virginia now is the number one exporter of (agricultural) products to Cuba. We have now jumped to number one.
Virginias educational level among whites is higher than Georgias.
Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts.
Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo.
Wayne Powell has a "stated position of having no objection to taking `In God We Trust" off of U.S. currency."
We adopted the modern Social Security system at a time when the average person died before they were old enough to get Social Security.
We are almost halfway to our goal of 1,000 rapes prosecuted! 
We are always going to need architects, doctors, were going to need professionals with four-year degrees. But 65 to 70 percent of the people in Missouri dont have degrees.
We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state.
We are coming up on our 40th anniversary of electing a Republican to the United States Senate. 1972 was the last time New Jersey sent a Republican to the United States Senate.
We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery.
We are last in the nation in startups  50th.
We are spending more on affordable housing than we're spending on Dix Park right now.
We aren't the only state cutting back on public television.
We beat the NRA with tough, tough gun laws in Colorado.
We created 800,000 new jobs, we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history
We created as many jobs in the first six months of this year as we did in all of 2011 and 2011 was the best single year for private-sector job growth since the year 2000.
We cut our deficits by more than half.
We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country.
We end the $100 billion a year that the health care industry makes.
We fixed a loophole in the (gun) background record check system so that we could make our commonwealth safer.
We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election.
We have 650 people who move to Texas every day.
We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats.
We have a retiree that is collecting a $17,000 paycheck a month . . . tax free.
We have an 80 percent graduation rate in high school after spending more per student than any country in the world other than Liechtenstein, I think, or Luxembourg and a couple other small countries.
We have been able to cut New Yorks uninsured rate in half since 2013 from 10 percent to 5 percent of our population.
We have lost more lives in the last two years due to opioids "than all of the lives lost during the Vietnam War."
We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.
We have more scientists and engineers per square mile than anywhere in the world.
We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country.
We have over 300,000,000 weapons, firearms in this country. Thats almost as big as the population.
We have the fourth highest in-state tuition for public universities in the country.
We have the lowest corporate tax rate since 1968.
We have the third-lowest minimum wage  of developed countries.
We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine.
We havent passed a budget in more than three years and not a single appropriations bill has been brought to the floor this year.
We just don't want to get to be like Louisiana, where you have drive-up daiquiri shops.
We maintain this (Missouri highway) system with one of the lowest levels of funding in the country.
We now do have evidence that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
We now have about one-third of New Yorks population on Medicaid.
We pay among the highest tolls in the nation for the privilege of crossing that bridge.
We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years.
We saw the prison population expand and vacancy rates for correctional officers go from 2.9% to 15.2% over the last eight years.
We spend less than 2 percent more every year. That is the lowest increase in spending since they have been keeping numbers.
We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.
We spend more per student than almost any other major country in the world.
We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border.
We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care.
Were already bombing seven countries.
We're experiencing a net outflow of illegal, undocumented workers from America back to Mexico.
Were growing union jobs faster than Illinois.
We're now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. We've surpassed Saudi Arabia.
Were spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system.
We're spending millions for each individual held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
West Virginia "has the highest overdose death rate in the nation."
West Virginia "has the highest overdose rate per capita of any state in our nation."
West Virginia added the highest percentage of new construction jobs in 2017 in the United States, at 14.4%. This amounted to 4,300 additional jobs! In fact, #WV was the only state with double-digit growth!
West Virginia Department of Education reported over 10,000 children and youth have been identified as homeless for the 2018-2019 school year.
West Virginia has "the nations lowest workforce participation rate, which hovers around 50 percent, when the national average is about 63 percent."
West Virginias exports increased for the second year in a row in 2018, reaching $8.1 billion. Additionally, West Virginias export growth rate was 14.2%, nearly double the national average of 7.6%.
Western Europeans "can fly in the United States without even having a visa."
Weve been down this road beforeblanket protectionism is a big part of why America had a Great Depression.
Weve had a 30% increase in suicides in this country in just 15 years.
We've had Muslims in America since George Washington.
Weve had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector at Quonset Business Park.
What do Rutgers University, Kean University, Montclair State University, New Jersey City University, Stockton College, Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years.
What Republicans call the "death tax" is the estate tax "on the ultra wealthy" which, in 2016, was paid by only "two out of every 1,000 people."
When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against womens health care in our state.
When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly  Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program? Brennan responded and said, no, there is no limitation.
When a Gallup poll asked about presidential candidate characteristics, "When they get to the question on, 'Would you vote for a socialist,' it is even less popular than voting for atheists."
When I saw corruption and sexual harassment cover-ups I called on Sheldon Silver to resign.
When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating.
When it comes to fighting terrorism, "Another thing we know that does not work, based on lots of empirical evidence, is torture."
When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he "stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, This plant kills."
When Moammar Gadhafi was set to visit the United Nations, and no one would let him stay in New York, Trump allowed Gadhafi to set up an elaborate tent at his Westchester County (New York) estate.
When people enter the service, theres not a mental health evaluation.
When President Barack Obama said ISIS, or ISIL, was contained, he "was responding very specifically to the geographic expansion of ISIL in Iraq and Syria."
When the City and the Fairmount Park Conservancy invested $5 million in Hunting Park, crime went down 89 percent within a half mile radius of the park over the next three years.
When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, they're still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job.
When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman.
When we say one vote matters, its not just a saying  it has proven true 141 times in #Ohio over the last five years.
When you tally up their representation in Congress and governorships, the Democrats almost have their lowest representation in about 100 years.
Whether the Amendment passes or not, the medical use of marijuana is a federal criminal offense.
While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years.
While introducing Donald Trump, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani omitted the September 11, 2001, strikes as a successful terrorist attack during the eight years before President Obamas 2008 election.
While Mayor Rick Kriseman said he would dip into reserves this year because of Hurricane Irma,he "went into the emergency reserves before Irma ever hit."
White people control almost 90 percent of the nation's wealth.
Whole of Italy goes into quarantine.
Will Hurd "tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record."
Wisconsin (has) the highest infant mortality rate for black babies nationwide.
Wisconsin is "dead last in income growth" among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walkers term.
Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year.
Wisconsin is a Top 10 state for health care coverage.
Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.
Wisconsin is called the Badger State because "our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining."
Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think you've made a mistake.
Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state.
Wisconsin property taxes, as a percentage of personal income, "are the lowest that they've been since the end of World War II."
Wisconsin still ranks first among the 50 states in manufacturing jobs per capita.
Wisconsin was the "first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation."
Wisconsins "rainy day fund" is "165 times bigger than when we first took office."
Wisconsins 6th congressional "district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other" in the nation.
Wisconsins attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time.
Wisconsins dead last in Midwest job growth.
Wisconsin's driver licenses and identification (ID) cards are currently the most secure in the nation.
Wisconsin's non-discrimination law "doesn't protect members of the trans-gender community."
With only 67 bills or so passed into law, "2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since weve been keeping record."
With the exception of baby formula, the federal government does not require any food to carry an expiration date, and state laws vary widely.
Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
Witnesses have been part of "every other impeachment trial the Senate has ever had."
Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent.
'Wrong precinct' rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem.
You can almost pinpoint half of the gun violence deaths to two or three specific sections in the city. They are just areas of devastation, economically and otherwise.
You can buy lobster with food stamps.
You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes.
You can import as many hemp products into this country as you want...but we cant grow it.
You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists' sites and what Donald Trump saysabout Muslims is used to recruit fighters.
You cant build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia.
You have to get a license to fish on our beaches.
You know what Amazon paid in federal income taxes last year? Zero.
You may have driven the length of a football field in the five seconds it takes to check a text.
Youre more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas thanfind in-person voter fraud.
You've got millions of families paying 40, 50, 60% of their limited incomes to put a roof over their heads.
Youve raised a lot more money than I have, Bernie.
Zephyr Teachout says she is against Super PACs despite taking money from Super PAC donors